"x"
"1"	"NANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANANA  ANNOUNCER: And now, The History Channel presents  American Inventor: The True Story of Henry Ford.  This is my Jew Flattening Machine.  It'll flatten any Jew.  Simply climb behind the wheel,  drive it towards a Jew, and flatten him.  Could you also use it just to drive  from place to place and stuff?  It-It's a Jew Flattening Machine.  It's not what it's designed for.  But you could use it that way?  Yeah, yeah, you cou Yeah, yeah, you-you could  also use the Mona Lisa as a placemat. God.  - Hey, guys. - Oh, hey, Quagmire.  How was marching band practice?  Peter, you know this is a pilot's uniform.  It represents years of specialized training.  Yeah, well, you know what else takes years  of specialized training? Crossing your eyes.  Aah! Aah! Aah! Too far! Too far!  MAN (Korean accent): Hold still.  Thank you, Korean sweatshop animator.  You've earned your nickel this week.  Where're you coming from, Quagmire?  I had to fly to Aruba, so I brought my mom along  with my \"friends and family\" discount.  Did you  Yes, Joe, I got you a magnet.  Where do you even put all those magnets, Joe?  Well, you know I have that fridge in the garage  with bags of blood in my blood type?  What's \"friends and family\"?  Oh, airline employees can get discounted tickets  for family and close friends.  What? How-how come you've never done that for us?  If I'm being honest, I've also got  a few Celeste pizzas in that fridge.  I don't know, I-I guess I just figured you guys  always have to work, or you're with your kids.  But sure, yeah, I could take you somewhere.  I'm going to San Francisco next week. You guys want to come?  San Francisco?  That city from And the Band Played On and Milk?  I'm in!  Yeah, thanks, Quagmire.  Oh, wow, this'll be great.  Hey, can you make us X-Men?  What a surprise.  Well, I'm off to San Francisco with the guys.  Okay, I'm off to Hilton Head with the girls.  - You what? - Peter,  I told you about this a month ago.  I'm going with Bonnie and Donna  to Donna's sister's time share.  Well, we can't both go on a trip at the same time.  I'm sorry, Peter, but I already have a taxi waiting.  (sighs) All right, I'll go tell the guys I'm not going.  Why is he taking his suitcase to tell the guys?  You guys, come on, we got to go now. Let's go, move it.  QUAGMIRE: I'm in the shower. It doesn't matter,  we're stealing Lois' cab.  Son of a  Oh, and the idiot took my suitcase.  Aw, he was taking me with him.  (indistinct conversations)  Ah, San Francisco.  Aah! San Francisco!  So what are we gonna do first?  I want to see the Golden Gate Bridge.  I want to see Lombard Street.  I want to see Ghirardelli Square.  Guys, guys.  Let's get lesbian haircuts and see 'em all.  Come to my window   Oh   Crawl inside   Wait by the light of the moon   Come to my window   I'll be home soon   I'll be home, I'll be home   I'm coming home   All right, the gay jokes are out of the way,  now let's get down to business.  Okay, guys, this is the original Levi Jeans factory,  created by Levi Strauss in the year 1853  so that gold miners could wear a comfortable yet durable fabric.  This is boring.  Well, then you plan the vacation!  Aah!  Peter, Peter, calm down, it-it's okay,  we'll-we'll do whatever you want.  All right, if you promise.  I was thinkin' we could tuck our shirts into our pants,  put on huge helmets, and ride Segways.  ALL: We're not from here! We're not from here!  You guys, look.  It's Golden State Warriors star Steph Curry.  Oh, my God, Steph, I'm such a big fan.  Thanks. It's nice to meet you.  Hey, I know we just met, but can I sit on your lap  during your next post-game press conference?  Sure, I don't see why not.  This is exciting for the whole Bay Area,  to be just four games away from the championship  Dad, I dooked.  That other team's not just gonna go away, though.  We've got to stay focused, keep doing what we've been doing.  Fat lady. Dad, Dad, a fat lady.  Yeah, I-I see her, Peter.  Make her go.  That's not how we talk to people.  Make her go.  WOMAN: I'll leave.  Yay! I'm learning bad lessons.  Wow. So that was San Francisco.  I didn't realize how hilly it was gonna be.  Thanks again for taking us, Quagmire.  Hey, no problem.  Hey, you know, we're here early.  You guys want a little tour of the plane?  Yeah, that'd be great.  Normally I'd just go to Hudson News  and pretend to be the most important guy there.  Can I help you?  Yes, I will have eight Dasanis  and a JD Power & Associates.  (cheering, whistling)  Wow, this place is cool.  Yeah. What do all these buttons do?  Like, what's this red one?  Oh, that's a voice filter, so the passengers always think  the pilot is a 60-year-old Midwestern white man.  What? That's impossible.  Hi y'all, this is Cleveland.  AUTHORITATIVE VOICE: Good afternoon, folks,  this is Captain Dale Clark up here in the flight deck.  We're way up in the air.  We've reached our cruising altitude of 37,000 feet.  Y'all get ready to watch Big Momma's House.  Our in-flight entertainment today  will be Under the Tuscan Sun.  Ooh, I like that.  I hear it's good.  Hey, what's this button? \"Autopilot\"?  Oh, that allows the plane to fly itself when I need a break.  W-What do you mean, \"a break\"?  You don't have to fly the plane?  Of course I do. I just take a short break sometimes.  Short break? It looks like you had time  to put together the 10,000-piece Lego Hogwarts.  You don't have to touch it, Joe, you can just say you noticed it.  And what's this booth over here?  Oh, that's my back-in-time box.  I go inside, magically go back in time,  and then come out and react to the fact that we're flying.  By God, we're levitating.  That's just a box full of costumes.  It's my back-in-time box!  What the hell, Quagmire? So-so, basically,  your job is just goofin' off.  That's not true.  I broke Gandalf in half.  It's Dumbledore!  Screw you guys. You know, being a pilot  is hard work. Look, I tried to be nice  and take you fellas on a free trip,  and all you can do is crap all over my job.  I was a Navy pilot, you jerks.  Get the hell out of my cockpit.  Joke's on him. I farted just before he kicked us out.  QUAGMIRE: Ugh. Oh, God!  All right, let's see what's in the in-flight magazine.  Muscular old guy.  Already filled-in crossword puzzle.  Ooh, this is food for different routes I'm not on.  All right, time to use the potty.  Don't say \"potty.\" You're an adult.  Okay, nobody move!  Oh, my God, those guys in first class have guns.  Cleveland, just be happy with what you have.  Don't envy people.  No, Peter, we're being hijacked.  Close the cockpit door!  (Eastern European accent): This plane now belongs to us.  You move, you're dead.  So nobody try to get smart.  Mm, page 100. Mm.  Control tower, this is flight 364.  We have a hijacking in progress.  - Our flight has been - (static)  Oh, damn it, they jammed the transmission.  I'm gonna have to go to the backup communication system.  Hello? Can you hear me?  This is Flight 364.  We're being hijacked.  I can hear you Oh!  This is your last chance.  Open the door, or your copilot gets it.  No. I'm landing at the closest airfield,  which is less than an hour away. So just let him go,  'cause you're not getting control of this plane.  (grunts)  QUAGMIRE: Aah! Jimmy! Oh, my God!  Why are you doing this?  America needs to be punished  for supporting the other side of my country's civil war.  Which country?  Do you really want to know,  or are you just asking because  we're gonna be on a plane for a while  and you think you should make small talk?  The second thing.  Open the door, or I'll start  - executing passengers. - (screaming)  Man, coming on this trip was a terrible idea.  I know, now I wish I'd just stayed home  and finished my remake of Inside Out.  I'm Joy.  I'm Sadness.  I'm Anger.  I'm Disgust.  I'm Poo.  (stomach growling)  Ooh, I need to use the bathroom.  PETER (muffled): Yay! I win!    We interrupt this program with a special report.  A flight from San Francisco to Quahog  has lost contact with air traffic control.  Oh, my God, that's your father's flight.  Government officials  are monitoring the situation closely.  I'll be here to update you as this story progresses.  Coming up on the midday news, a couple in their 30s  gets married without their dog being in the wedding.  You're not gonna believe their story.  What's it gonna be?  Are you going to open this door,  or am I going to start killing people?  QUAGMIRE: I'm not opening it.  Excuse me, I'd just like to ask the mom behind me  who told me to stop watching Game of Thrones on my laptop  if I'm still \"the worst person on this plane.\"  You, fat guy. Get up here!  Aah!  (grunts)  Last chance. Open the door,  or this idiot gets it.  Don't open it, Quagmire. It's not worth it.  QUAGMIRE: Okay.  Wait wait, what?  That-that was quick.  I'm sorry, Peter, but I have to think about the whole plane.  There's over 150 passengers back there,  several of whom are in our Commander's Club,  and to them I'd like to issue a special welcome.  Oh, man, we got to help Peter!  Those crazy European guys are gonna kill him!  You know, I have a gun in the bag I checked.  If we can get to the galley,  we can take the elevator down to the cargo hold.  Good idea, Joe.  Oh, man, it feels like we're in one of those hijacking movies.  You're right, it does. There's even an impatient businessman  who really wants to reach his destination  so he can conduct more business.  Can't you see how important I am?  My shirt is blue, but the collar is white.  It's the same shirt!  Quick, he's distracted.    (quietly): \"Get off my plane.\"  \"Get off my plane.\"  - What's that, now? - Hmm?  Nothing.  \"Always bet on black.\"  \"Always bet on black.\"  - Did you say something? - I don't think so.  - \"Double trouble!\" - \"Double trouble!\"  That's it. We found it.  What the hell?!  Hey! Two of the passengers are missing!  Okay, you guys watch the main cabin.  I'll go find them.  I'll take this fat guy as a human shield.  Oh, nice. Last guy picked for dodgeball,  first guy for human shield.  - (indistinct chatter) - Everybody be quiet!  There's another update!  Good afternoon. I'm Tom Tucker.  The search for a missing airliner continues,  as speculation grows that the plane has been hijacked.  Oh, this is all so awful!  What will our lives be like if our husbands don't make it?  LOIS:  Thank you for being a friend     Travel down the road and back again   Your heart is true   You're a pal and a confidant   Thank you for being a friend   (song ends)  Oh, my God! Now I want Dad to die!  Hey, Joe, look at me.  Do I look like Mickey the Mouse?  Get out of people's stuff!  Ah, here's my bag.  (elevator whirring)  Hey! What are you two doing down here?  Oh, someone's shipping live lobsters.  Yum.  Prepare to die.  You first!  That's what you think.  (beeping)  Peter! Grab on to something!  Uh-oh. I grabbed my own belt.  (shouting)  (grunting)  (choking)  (grunting)  (shouts)  (shouts)  QUAGMIRE: Attention, passengers, I know we're being hijacked,  but I would be remiss if I didn't point out  that we're presently passing over Yosemite National Park.  Wow! That is truly awe-inspiring!  It certainly is.  And you know what you don't see from up here?  Borders.    (screaming)  Die in hell, Eurotrash!  Hang on, Peter!  Holy crap, that was close.  Joe, how'd you know that lever would open the landing gear?  Wheels are my expertise, Peter.  I notice every wheel in a room as soon as I enter.  Special delivery from the U.S. of A.!  (click)  Aw, rats.  My bullets are in my shaving kit.  (screaming)  (grunting)  Get off my pl Double trouble!  Sorry. Come on, man!  (cheering and applause)  Oh, my God, you guys did it!  We're saved!  Yep, we wrapped this up quicker  than the treaty signing at Appomattox.  So, if I sign this, the war is over,  we surrender, and we still get to be dicks forever?  (chuckling): Okay, you win.  You can all relax now, everybody!  We're ten minutes away from landing  at an airfield in Nevada.  Looks like you'll make that business meeting after all.  Great! Thanks for keeping us in the sky, boys.  (Eastern European accent): Now reach for it.  You're one of the hijackers, too?!  Yes. I was in reserve in case the plan went awry.  And now I can finally get into the cockpit  and execute our plan:  crashing this plane into the ultimate symbol  of American materialism,  Las Vegas.  You know, I've lost a ton in Vegas,  but I never thought I'd lose my life there.  - Did you just think of that? - Yeah, just now.  You know, you are seriously funny, man.  I know I crap on you a lot, but sometimes,  when I'm driving, I think about stuff you say and I laugh.  - Thank you, Peter. - No, thank you.  Very good. We are less than 20 minutes from Las Vegas.  Get ready to say good-bye to your precious Rita Rudner.  Is-is your plan just to kill Rita Rudner?  No. We're going to crash into the biggest hotel on the Strip!  Killing Rita Rudner will just be the custard on the dumpling.  You know, we never quite nailed down  what region you guys are from.  (news theme playing)  Good afternoon. I'm Tom Tucker with the latest  on the hijacking crisis.  As you can see, I've taken off my blazer  to show the severity of the situation.  We understand the plane has been found by satellite.  It's apparently veered off its flight plan  and is headed for Las Vegas.  The government, fearing the worst,  is considering shooting it down.  Now here's an over-the-top news graphic.  - (dramatic music playing) - (screaming)  ANNOUNCER: Nightmare over Vegas.  (explosions)  - (slot machine music, coins clinking) - Hijack Jackpot.  Oh, look, there's one guy who slept through this whole thing.  Hey, buddy, wake up.  We're all about to die.  What? What are you talking about?  Yeah, I thought I should wake you up.  Nobody wants to die in their sleep.  Oh, my God! No! I have a family!  There you go.  Only a few more minutes until your country pays  for its imperialistic sins.  Us? What about you?!  Like-like, how come you Eastern European guys  can't be quieter in pornos?  I mean, nobody's ever been like, \"Yeah, yeah, more guy noises.\"  They ask us to do that to cover up the sound  of children playing nearby.  Now shut up and get ready to die.  So, uh, you ever been to Vegas before?  No.  Well, I think you're gonna  flip for it!  (shouting)  (grunts)    Attention, passengers, the plane  (groaning, moaning)  Oh, come on! Doesn't anybody pay attention to the sign?!  That was some quick thinking, Glenn.  And look! Even that plane with all the missiles is impressed.  Missiles? That's a military fighter jet!  He's here to shoot us down!  - Or \"she.\" - What?!  They must think the hijackers still control the plane!  And our communications are jammed,  so we can't even tell them everything's okay!  Don't worry, I'll signal to 'em.  Hey! We knocked out all the bad guys!  See? We don't need your help!  We kicked their asses and we have their guns!  I've got a visual on the terrorists.  They've got a hostage in a blue shirt with a white collar.  He must be an important businessman.  COMMANDER: Copy that. Prepare to engage.  (whirring)  Oh, good, he's movin' away.  No, he isn't. He's g getting in position to fire!  He thinks we're gonna crash into the Strip!  Everybody in your seats!    Frank Caliendo does a 5:00 show?  Quagmire, land this plane!    We've been hit!  Oh, God, this is it!  We're gonna die!  Like hell we are!  We're gonna make it.    We're going too fast!  We're gonna crash into that lake!  Oh, no, we're not!    (screaming)  QUAGMIRE: Oh, yeah, right there. That's good.  And now to discharge the plane's fire retardant.  PETER/QUAGMIRE/JOE/CLEVELAND: Giggity.  (whirring)  (indistinct radio transmission)  Wow, Quagmire, thanks for saving all of our lives.  We're sorry for saying your job was easy.  Yeah, you're the best damn pilot in the world.  He's right. What you did up there was amazing.  Thanks, guys, that means a lot.  Boy, that was quite a trip, wasn't it?  Sure was. And we learned a lot about blue jeans,  - didn't we, guys? - Yes, yes, we did, yeah.  - That's right, Peter. - Thank you for planning a wonderful day.  (whirring)  - Cleveland! - Joe!  Peter!    Dad, I was really worried,  so I pulled a record of your credit card purchases  in San Francisco, and I saw some things  I think you'd prefer to keep private.  We'll talk later, Chris.  I think we will.  I do believe we will.  Well, let's head home.  I know I, for one, am ready to put all this behind us.  Sounds good.  Oh, yeah, in case we didn't say, this was Spirit Airlines.  COMMENTATOR: Wide open in the end zone.  (crowd cheering on TV) ouchdown Patriots!  Beautiful pass by Tom Brady.  Yeah, Brady!  He's awesome.  I can't believe Gisele gets to sleep with him.  I wish I was a supermodel.  Hey, it's a commercial.  Jerome, switch over to the RedZone.  Screw that, I say we put on the BoneZone.  - What's that? - Oh, it's awesome.  They show every sex scene on TV  without all the boring dialogue and plot.  (remote clicks) Okay, once again,  nothing is happening on Homeland,  but over on Masters of Sex, Lizzie Caplan  is hooked up to electrodes and getting it from a guy  who sounds American, but probably isn't.  Hey, we're gonna split the screens now  because my producer is telling me on Game of Thrones  we got a malnourished Albino plowing a girl  in a tub as he names dragons.  Oh, there's a Bone Zone alert for Girls,  which we'll ignore,  'cause it's Gabby Hoffmann Donald Ducking it.  Last time we went to that, we lost a lot of subscribers,  and we're keeping an eye on The Knick.  We don't want to bring you dead boobs,  but if they're alive, we'll get you over there.  (phone chirps) Ah, crap.  It's almost 3:00. I got to get out of here.  For what? It's Sunday.  Eh, the airline's making us all attend a seminar  about what do to if someone flies a drone  into your flight path.  Yeah, I hear that kind of obnoxious behavior  is very big right now in the dangerous idiot community.  Really? I didn't see that in the newsletter this month.  Just a big article about how to tailgate a speeding fire truck  to get places faster.  (siren wailing)  (laughs) Wait till they get to the golf course  and find out there's no fire.  No, It's a serious problem.  Nowadays any moron  could just order a drone online.  - Oh. - There's no regulation.  - Oh! - And most of them have cameras  so people can spy on whoever they want  and invade their privacy.  (louder): Oh!  Peter, are you ordering a drone right now?  You bet your ass I am.  Owning a drone is gonna be a blast.  Even more fun than when I had breakfast in bread.  Hi, Lois. It's a great morning,  no matter how you slice it.  Yeah, I don't know what this is Peter,  but we're four months behind on our mortgage.  Well, that's odd.  It's not like we're short on dough.  I'm taking the kids and I'm staying at my parents'  for a while.  That's the yeast of my concerns.    Ah, Brian, you finally made it.  I'm having a tea party. Sit down.  Yeah, you texted me, like, 80 times.  Look, Stewie, I don't have time to sip air  and pretend to eat a wooden hamburger patty.  Yeah? Tell me why you don't have time.  All right, I have time.  And there's nothing pretend about this.  Real tea, real milk,  and the best honey you'll ever taste in your whole life.  Wow, this is good.  Where'd you buy the honey?  I didn't, I'm raising bees.  You're raising bees?  Like-like a beekeeper?  Yup, Mom missed soccer registration,  so this is my weekends.  Mmm, I got to say, you're good at it.  You know, you could probably sell this stuff.  Really? You think it's that good?  Yeah, plus it's local.  It's straight from the hive.  People at farmers' markets would go nuts for this.  You know, you could probably charge, like, $20, $30 a jar.  Oh, now I'm excited about this, Brian.  I feel like an eighth grader who just had sex.  So, you go all the way?  Oh, yeah.  I'm gonna need some proof.  Hmm, how can I prove it?  Maybe with Father O'Leary's briefs.  - Oh! - The king.  (crying): He said he loved me.    All right, time to take flight.  Drone of Arcadia.  Oh, Amber Tamblyn.  I love that show.  Now married to David Cross.  (drone powers up)  Can I have a turn? I want a turn.  No.  Hey, does Cleveland have a bald spot?  No.  Hey, what's this do?  (airplane engine)  (motor mower)  (grunting)  (splash)  JOE: Check it out, here comes a hawk.  (hawk screeches)  (wings flapping)  Uh-oh.  What's happening?  - (hawk screeching) - Ah, no!  I don't think this is consensual!  JOE: Look at that pervert squirrel just watching.  (crunch)  (drone engine starting)  Oh, crap, it's busted.  And I bet it's completely traumatized.  I wasn't traumatized actually.  It was planned.  Part of the games we play.    I've been a bad drone.  (knocking on door)  Peter, you've been knocking a while.  I don't think anyone's in there.  Yeah, look at all this mail.  Maybe he's on vacation or something.  Oh, my God, he's dead!  And his face and earlobes are missing.  (cat yowls, all scream)  Oh, that's a relief.  It's just the cat that ate his face and ears off.    So, Brian, this is my hive.  Now, how many bees do you think are in here?  I don't know, a-a million?  No, it's 4,000.  Now that seems like nothing  because of your idiot million guess.  All right, now, if you're going to sell honey  at the farmers' market, you need to practice.  So you be the salesman, and I'll be the customer.  Ooh, what do we have here?  Uh, honey.  Like the sign says.  I find your attitude cavalier.  May I speak to your manager?  Stewie, come on.  I'm sorry, is there a problem here?  I was just in the back and I heard a commotion.  - How do we have a back? - I simply came here  to enquire about honey  and your employee spoke to me loudly and with profanity.  Stewie, this is ridiculous.  Brian, please, I trust that this handsome young customer  knows what he's talking about.  Oh, my, and I thought only bees pour on the honey.  I'm going inside.  So, are you from around here?  No I'm just in town for the John Singer Sargent exhibit  - at the museum. - (gasps) Really?  I've been looking for an excuse to go again.  Well, looks like I won't need that audio tour.  Great. Give me one minute.  Let me text my fiancée.  Your what?    - (phone beeps) - That was Bonnie.  She said they already sold the house behind us.  Poor Mr. Seigel.  - (party music plays) - What the hell is that?  MAN: Yeah, that party bus is awesome.  MAN 2: Yeah, let's go, let's go.  - Here we go, baby. - Yeah!  Oh, God, please don't let that be our new neighbors.  - What is it? - Some kind of crazy van  with the number 87 on the side.  - (dreaming music) - 87?  That's not a van, Lois, that's a party bus.  Rob Gronkowski's party bus!  Who's that?  Only the star tight end  of the New England Patriots  and America's most athletic Polish.    Did you guys see?  Oh, my God, that was Rob Gronkowski.  (men continue cheering)  (tyres skid)  (all breathing heavily)  (out of breath): Am I running?  Is this what running is?  I hate it. (panting)    What's up, butt munchers?  That's us! He called us butt munchers!  We're butt munchers!  (all laughing and cheering)  All right, time to Gronk a dump in my new house.  Oh. My. God!  Our new neighbor is Gronk.  Hey, I'm your new mailman.  Former star of The Incredible Hulk, Lou Ferrigno.  On any other day that would be so exciting.  Please give me my mail and go.  What the hell are you doing?  I wanted to bring over something to welcome Gronk  to the neighborhood. So I scraped all the cool ranch  off of 15 bags of Doritos.  You're bringing him a bowl of powder?  Yeah, I thought he could eat it by the fistful  or rub it on his balls.  Peter, I don't know what you're so excited about.  Rob Gronkowski is probably the worst neighbor we could ask for.  You know he's gonna be partying day and night.  It's not like it's that tasty piece of ass, Julian Edelman.  Now there's a Patriot you can get excited about.  I know he's a wide receiver, but if he's giving, I'm taking.  (gruff voice): I'll take it all.  I'll take it wherever.  (fizzy drink shaking)  Ah!  (relieved sigh) Anyway,  go suck up to your big dumb monster.  I'll be here hooking the \"G\" to thoughts of Edelman.  (can noise)  (doorbell rings)  So, what'd you get him, Cleveland?  Oreo middles.  Whoa, four standing dogs?  No, we're people, sir.  Um, Mr. Gronk? I'm Peter Griffin.  I live in the house behind yours.  We wanted to welcome you to the neighborhood.  Awesome!  (smashing noise)  Ha-ha, he spiked it.  I was hoping he would do that.  My eyes!  Hey, you guys seem great.  You want to come in and eat pizza standing up?  - Uh, yeah. - Cool.  You mind if I call you all Grover?  I don't like learning names.  Yeah, sure, that'd be sweet.  Well, come on in, Grover.  (gasps) He knows my name!  (indistinct conversations and music)  Oh, my God, you guys, having Gronk here is gonna be the best.  Kind of like those years when it was just Marley and me.  Hey, my dog's chewing up that thing I need.  Hey, my dirty dog's jumping in the neighbor's pool.  Wait, Marley, don't shake your wet fur  in the middle of this fancy party.  I'm gonna lay down these work blueprints on the floor  and I sure hope you don't walk across them with muddy paws.  Marley!  Aw, my nightmare dog is dead.  Marley and me.  (party sounds)  Workout room, kegerator cellar,  another workout room,  and over here's a room that's just got a lit candle  on a bale of hay.  I-Is that just 'cause of the danger?  That's exactly why.  My dumb wife won't let me have a room like that.  Do you have a wife?  (laughing)  (chuckles nervously)  What's going on?  Let's go check out the hot tub.  Check it out, my hot tub is filled with coffee.  Grab a donut, go to town!  Sponsored by Dunkin' Donuts.  And the pool is filled with my favorite food:  soup with little shapes in it.  Sponsored by Campbell Soup.  Oh, alphabet soup is my favorite, too.  What's a \"albaphet\"?  Nothing. What you said is not anything.  And check out the shower!  Ultra Sunrise Monster Energy Drink.  Sponsored by Monster Energy Drink.  Why do you keep saying what things are sponsored by?  My manager said if I don't,  I won't go to heaven.  Sponsored by SMS Audio Sweatproof Sport Headphones.  Well, you were right,  the farmers' market is wonderful.  You've got your yoga pants moms,  you got your mixed-race kids riding a pony,  a confused Jerome  What is this?  A vegetable parking lot?  Now, remember to tell customers  that this honey is farm-to-table.  We're not a restaurant, that doesn't make any sense.  Doesn't have to.  Say anything-to-anything,  people lose their minds.  Just so you know,  this is all grass-to-bottle.  - Ooh! - I know, right?  That'll be $68.  Is this a superfood?  Total superfood. Full of GMOs.  GMOs are bad.  No GMOs whatsoever.  Amazing.  Wow, this is great,  we've only been here an hour  and we're almost totally sold out.  Yes, I didn't see that coming.  Just like Dan Cortese  didn't see the end of the '90s coming.  ALL: Three  two  one  Happy New Year!  (crackling)  Dan Cortese was the only thing in the entire world  affected by Y2K.  (party music playing)  Grovers, you made it!  Here, have a beer.  Thanks.  Hey, Gronk, you know, there's something  I always wanted to ask you.  When you know you have single coverage,  do you give a hand signal to Brady,  or is it just eye contact?  I don't know,  want to see me dance?  Well, no, I ask because sometimes  you're being covered by a little guy,  and then you and Brady'll look at each other and  A-Am I am I supposed to touch you?  What what am I what am I doing here?  Oh, I'm sorry, bro. What was the question?  I ju I just want to know if you and Brady have, like, a  Like, a secret hand signal or something.  Whoa, that is top secret,  but lean in and I'll tell you.  (belches)  How rude.  Hey, want to meet my family?  These are my brothers.  Actually, one of them is my dad,  I'm not sure which.  Probably the gray-haired one  with the whiskey-face sunburn?  Oh, it's an honor to meet you, sir.  You must be very proud.  Hell yeah.  I think every dad's dream  is taking his son's sloppy seconds.  Is your mom here, too?  They don't have a mom.  My ex-wife raised them,  God bless her, but genetically,  they're a product of me blammin' onto a side of beef.  All right, since we sold out so fast,  we've got to make these bees more productive,  get them to make more honey.  How are we gonna do that?  Steroids, Brian.  This here is the same stuff  that turned Barry Bonds' head  into a prize-winning squash.  Okay. Well, how much are we supposed to give them?  Hmm.  It says this is enough for a horse, so,  I don't know, how many bees is a horse?  Well, you can't fit a horse in this box,  so I'd just use the whole thing.  That makes sense.  Barry Bonds says that's too much steroids.  Time for bed, Barry.  (grunts)  Turn down for what   (distant):  Turn down for what   God, they're still going?  Peter, this is exactly what I told you would happen!  Not so much fun anymore, is it?  (music stops, applause) Oh, thank God,  maybe they're wrapping it up.  Noise   Noise!   Loud noise, noise   And a Civil War cannon.   (cannon fires)  Damn it, I can't take anymore!  He is the worst neighbor ever.  You won't believe what he did yesterday.  GRONK: Hey, Grover, catch!  (techno music playing)  (cheering)  (music stops)  Uh, listen, Gronk, um,  it's gettin' kind of late.  Don't you think maybe it's time to call it a night?  Yeah, sure.  Hey, you ever seen a nard explode?  A a what? A wha a nard?  I don't  Is that something on the Internet?  Uh, 'cause I  Ah, damn it, what the hell?!  (laughter)  MAN: Oh, nice shot there.  Come on, don't get mad, bro.  I was just kidding.  You were kidding?!  What was the joke?!  This was!  Oh, damn it, you hit the seam!  - MAN: Oh! - (laughter)  Yeah.  You know what?  You're a jerk, Gronk!  That's it,  I'm getting rid of that bastard.  Just like I helped kick the British  out of America.  This tyranny shall not stand!  For without liberty  Ah, crap, he's even in the cutaways!  (groaning)  (breathing heavily): Just Just go to commercial.  I'm gonna squat here and hold onto this bench.  (party music playing)  Peter, you got to figure something out.  They haven't stopped partying the whole night.  - MAN: Yeah! - MAN 2: Gronk!  MAN 3: Party! MAN 4: I'm the dad!  I'm sorry, you were right all along.  But don't worry, I'll take care of it.  Well, you better do something soon.  I can't live like this.  I know. That guy's more annoying  than going to an Italian restaurant  with someone who's been to Italy.  They call this a trattoria?  More like a ristorante to me.  Look at that fresco.  Supposed to be the hills of Elba?  Not once you've seen 'em.  Are you ready to order?  Si. Let me handle this, Peter.  Two spaghettis and a chicken fingers.  God, look at all the honey the bees made!  Those steroids were a great idea, Stewie.  Hey, look, that bee is trying to get our honey.  (chuckling): Okay, Mr. Bee,  we'll give you the employee discount.  After all, you  - (yells) - Holy crap!  That thing just lifted a whole jar of honey!  Oh, God, do you think that's one of our steroid bees?  (buzzing)  Well, this one's wearing a hoodie as a shirt.  So, yeah, I think these are ours.  Stewie, I have a bad feeling abo  Oh, God, it just ate the other bee!  Okay, so a few of them had a bad reaction to  - (buzzing) - Oh, crap.  (buzzing continues)  Oh, my God. Brian, run!  (tires screeching)  I think maybe giving those bees steroids  was a bad idea.  - (splat) - (gasps)  Turn on the wipers!  (Brian and Stewie yelling)  (muffled music playing)  You sure this is gonna work, Peter?  Absolutely.  Gronk went to the University of Arizona,  and everyone who went to the University of Arizona  believes leprechauns are real.  And since Cleveland already owns a green suit and a top hat  This is my Easter clothes.  (doorbell rings)  Whoa, a leprechaun!  Say the thing.  (in Irish accent): Top of the morning to you,  Mr. Gronkowski.  Have you any interest in a pot of gold?  All you have to do is move to Tallahassee!  Wait a minute,  this is just a disguise!  Aah, son of a bitch!  What's going on here?  Are you guys trying to get rid of me?  Yeah, we're tryin' to get rid of you!  Why?  'Cause you're a pain in the ass to live next to!  I mean, what the hell, Gronk?  Why you got to be like this?  You're a millionaire,  you have the sweetest job in the world,  you can do whatever you want.  Why you got to act like such an idiot all the time?  It's not a choice, Grover.  But rather, an obligation.  You see, I've been groomed for this  my entire life.  Scoring touchdowns,  making people laugh,  punishing my body,  enduring the pain.  All in the name of entertainment.  Don't you understand?  I'm a commodity, a product.  A modern day gladiator.  You ask about the whys and the wherefores  behind the boorish facade?  The answer is simple:  I play the jester because society deems it necessary.  Also, I'm (bleep) insane!  (laughing)  Eat a butt, fatty!  Gronk ain't going nowhere!  Oh, that's it!  (all grunting)  Oh, cool, we're fighting?  You guys mind if I eat while I beat you up?  (grunting)  (tires screeching)  What the hell are we supposed to do?  We're surrounded!  Hang on, I got this.  \"Meg, come outside.  We have Pinkberry.\"  - (buzzing) - (Meg yelling)  Ow! Ow, ow! Stop stop it!  All right, they're distracted,  let's go!  Quick! We just have to get rid of the queen!  She's in the hive!  What's that gonna do?  The bees instinctively stay with the queen,  so if she's gone, they'll follow her!  Okay, great, but how we gonna do it?  (buzzing)  (all straining)  (grunting)  You guys are bad fighters.  That's his third sub.  Ah, cool!  Honey rain!  Aah, oh, my God,  is that a bee?!  You have bees here?  Uh, yeah, it's the world.  (buzzing)  Holy crap!  There's a ton of them!  Dad, start up the party bus!  We're moving!  DAD GRONKOWSKI: Bees?  Yeah, bees!  And they're showing blitz!  We got to leave on two!  (buzzing)  (party music playing)  (tires screeching)  You think their Wi-Fi is \"Vag-Town\"?  Yeah, that's probably them.  Look at that, no password.  Oh, well, thank goodness  we finally have our neighborhood back.  Yeah, now maybe Wilson  can move back in and  give me homespun wisdom over the fence.  Peter, that was Home Improvement.  It's exhausting  that you never just go with something I say.  Coming up, yesterday's brisket.  (belches, blows)  But first, breaking news:  Rob Gronkowski has been suspended from the Patriots  following a failed drug test  that showed evidence of steroids in his system.  The star athlete claims he has no idea  how the banned substance got into his body.  Oh, no way!  That's terrible.  When pressed for further comment,  Mr. Gronkowski said simply,  \"Grover, go long.\"  Uh-oh.  (crash)         Hey, do you think homeless people  ever have sex with each other?  Probably. But I don't want to think about it.  I know for a fact they do.  I spend most of my day breaking up  - in-progress homeless sex. - I bet it stink.  Oh, it stink all right.  So we talking group stuff or just one-on-one?  Oh, anything goes. Whatever you can fit under a tarp.  There's a major hot spot behind the Dumpster  at The Cheesecake Factory.  Hey, what's up with the menus at The Cheesecake Factory?  Why they got to be so big?  Yeah, and why does their menu have ads?  I go there for dinner, not to shop for appliances.  Hey, you know what, guys? This right here,  this rambling, boring conversation containing  already-made-before observations,  this could be a podcast.  Ah. That's actually not a bad idea.  Really? A podcast? Don't you have to be  some sort of whiz kid to do those?  Uh, definitely not anyone with a computer can make one.  Well, that's it We're \"anyone.\"  Let's do a podcast from right here in the booth.  Who's in?  - Let's do it! - Yeah, sure.  Is it happening? Are we doing it now?  Awesome! We haven't done anything as a group  since we went birdwatching.  PETER (WHISPERING): Guys, look.  It's the yellow-headed puffin face.  OTHERS: Oh! Ooh!  PETER: It's a solitary creature.  It's feathered crown is designed to scare away mates.  It's known to swell its face  to assert dominance when threatened.  CLEVELAND: What does it eat, Peter?  PETER: Gin and whatever's in the bowl at the airport bar.    I said, damn, what a wild couple of days.  Anyways, 'sup with you guys?  Sorry, amigo, not interested.  (SNEEZES)  This is what happens when you lick your spilled latte  off the steering wheel.  She did that. She's gross.  - Lois, are you okay? - Ugh. Yeah.  It's just my allergies. They've been awful.  (SNIFFS) I can't figure out what it is.  (SNEEZES)  Maybe it's Brian.  He practically sleeps on top of you.  You could be allergic to him.  Hey, here's an idea, Chris  why don't you mind your own business?  You know, I did read that people  could develop allergies to their pets.  Brian, maybe you shouldn't sleep in our bedroom  - for a little while. - What?  Well, then where am I supposed to sleep?  How about in your own apartment, like a grown-up?  Do you have a problem with me, Chris?  Why don't you sleep in Stewie's room?  There's plenty of space.  Roomies? Dude! This'll be so ill!  - Who are you? - I'll tell you who.  Your new roommate!  (SNEEZES, GROANS)  I'm gonna go take a shower  so I can blow my nose into my hands.  (GRUNTS)  Damn it! I hate this house.  - Morning, honey! - Go to hell!    All right, you guys, podcast time.  We got the equipment and the perfect business plan  give our show away for free, and tell no one how to find it.  Ready?  Hey there, the Net,  welcome to the first episode of Thanks for the Clamories.  I'm here with Glenn Quagmire,  - Hi. - Cleveland Brown  - and - Hello.  (SIGHS) And Joe Swanson.  Yo-zah!  All right, Quagmire, what do you got for us?  Let's make a clam-ory.  Okay, this is yes or no. Y-You ready, Peter?  Yes or no. French toast.  - Yes. - French fries.  - Yes. - French kissing.  I-I don't know. These questions are weird.  Okay, okay, someone else.  Cleveland, yes or no.  - Velcro shoes. - Hmm, Velcro shoes.  Woo-whee, this is a tough one.  I remember the first time I saw me a pair of 'cro's.  They were on the feet of Spunky Tesik.  Man, they was dandy  Every time we played touch football,  Spunky would step in a pile of dog poo.  You can wash a shoe, but you can't really wash a lace.  That's why Spunky made the change.  That's the thing about Velcro shoes.  Quiet going on, noisy coming off.  That rip! Spunky's mama thought he was an intruder.  Shot him right in the face.  Had an open casket at the funeral.  But only open on the middle part  To this day, every time I see a pile of dog doo,  I take a step in it just for Spunky.  So to answer the question, I'm gonna have to say  both yes and no.  All right, that's all the time we got.  I'd like to thank our sponsor, the U.S. Postal Service.  When you want something expensive thrown on your porch  and stolen, you want the U.S. Postal Service.  What the hell was that?  I know! Cleveland, you ruined the whole podcast.  Yeah, if I wanted to hear a black guy ramble like a lunatic,  - I'd watch Family Feud. - Yeah, I mean, that was worse  than an Italian guy describing someone's sexuality.  Anyway, my brother Louie, he's a  he's a little off to the side, you know?  Uh, foofy. Uh, up to the knuckle.  He's a he's a backwards mechanic.  - Likes to play in the dirt. - You mean gay?  - (SCREAMS) - Mama!  - (SOBBING) - Marone! Peter!  Mama, Louie's not gay, he's  he's creative.    Hey, Stewie, thanks for letting me stay in your room.  Oh, Brian, please It's our room now.  Hey, what are we gonna do tonight?  Ooh, maybe we should watch that movie about Freud  where Michael Fassbender repeatedly spanks  Keira Knightley to orgasm?  - You saw that movie? - I saw that scene.  (WHISTLES)  So, I was thinking this could be your area.  Okay, yeah, yeah. This is great.  And fair warning Some of the books are pop-up,  - so don't be alarmed. - Aah! Son of a bitch!  Frickin' bird came out of nowhere!  You know, I have a good feeling about this, Brian.  After all, you certainly can't be any worse  than the last roommate I had.  - What the? - Please don't cry.  She's already very angry at me.  LOIS: Peter, where are you? You will wash your hands  after you poop.  Shh, shh.  (WHISPERS): I won't.    You know, this is exciting.  Our second podcast.  All right, but listen up, Cleveland.  No more of your long stories, all right?  Yeah, people aren't used to boring podcasts.  Oh, I'm sorry. I suppose they ought to call me \"Jelly,\"  'cause sometimes I get on a roll.  That. That.  J N-None of that.  Welcome once again to Thanks for the Clamories.  Okay, common question that everybody thinks about.  How many fourth-graders you think you could take at once?  - What? - I mean, obviously, if you had to fight  against a million fourth-graders, you'd lose.  So, like, what's what's the real number?  Like, what's the legitimate number of fourth-graders  that you could successfully take on?  Let's say a hundred. That sounds reasonable.  Oh, no way. A hundred and you're dead.  - Why are we fighting, now? - 'Cause they're idiots.  Did they say something about my mother?  What? Yes. Okay, yeah, yeah, we'll say yes.  - Oh, then a baker's dozen. - What kind of weapons?  Only what's available in the schoolyard.  You could really mess up some kids with a chain from a swing.  Just da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da!  All right, tell you what I'd do, I'd back into a bathroom stall,  and just start kickin'. Dead! Dead! Dead!  Keep comin'! Dead! Give 'em a narrow entry point,  make 'em come in single file.  Dead! Dead! Anyway, I guess I'm trying to say  800 fourth-graders.  Why are we talking about killing kids?  People are gonna hate this. Peter, do something else, quick.  I'll-I'll uh, what if I play some kick-ass music?  You've got to know when to hold 'em   Kick-ass? This is not kick-ass.  Wait, hang on, hang on, I'll find something.  (TECHNO BEAT PLAYS ALONG WITH \"THE GAMBLER\")  You're playing two songs at once.  - What even is this? - I-I don't know.  I'm just pressing buttons!  I got to admit, it does have a groove.  Look! Those people are even dancing to it.  (WITH TECHNO BEAT):  Every gambler knows   That the secret to survivin'   Aw, great! I accidentally started Chris's birth video.  LOIS (ON VIDEO): Ow! O-O-O-O-O-Ow! Ow!  Ow!  Ow! Kill me!  Hey, what's that song you're playing?  I don't know, it's just random garbage from my computer.  Oh, you're a deejay! That's perfect!  I own a nightclub for cocaine people and Armenians.  I need noise. You available?  - We're in! - Great!  I'll see you guys Wednesday at 2:00 a.m.  What the hell was that? We're supposed to be doing a podcast.  Peter, I don't know if you noticed,  but the podcast was a disaster.  Yeah, and we were looking for something to do as a foursome.  But how can I be a deejay?  I'm just a guy with a laptop and an inflated self-image.  Trust me, you're perfect.  All right, sounds good. Let's do this.  Okay, but hold on. I got four quarters on Golden Tee.  (GRUNTS)  How am I doing?  Good job, Joe! A hole in one!  (QUIETLY): He just keeps switching clubs.  Kids, time for dinner. Where's your father?  I think he's getting ready for his deejay gig.  His what?  (TECHNO BEAT PLAYING)  Hmm. Still a trace of melody.  I'll just add some power tools.  (TECHNO BEAT AND MECHANICAL WHIRRING, RATTLING)  Yeah. Yeah, I'd drink vodka and Gatorade to that.  Peter, since when are you a deejay?  Since some guy came in the Clam  and heard my awesome jams and beats.  Well, he's got the lingo down.  Thanks, Chris.  - Now, scream! - (SCREAMING)  Hey, you are good at this, Dad.  Peter, knock it off. You're a middle-aged man.  You can't be a deejay.  Why not? I could totally be a deejay.  For God's sake, John Travolta's a pilot.  TRAVOLTA (OVER SPEAKERS): This is your captain speaking.  We have reached our cruising altitude.  It is now safe to take off your wigs and be gay.  (DING)    Well, what's all this?  Oh, just some stuff I got out of my storage unit.  Check this out. You'll love this.  Do I look like a Terminator dog?  - No. - Yeah, I do.  Look I even brought Tom Sizemore's Game of Life.  \"Sell rights to Saving Private Ryan residuals  to buy a case of Coors Light.\"  \"Steal your son's wallet while he's in the shower.\"  \"Miss audition.\"  \"Scoop someone's urine from Starbucks toilet  to pass drug test.\"  Feels like we should be moving these pieces backwards.  (TECHNO BEAT PLAYING)  ANNOUNCER: Okay, let's make some noise  for Deejay Peter and the Sound Slap!  (CROWD CHEERING)  (ELECTRONIC EXPLOSION)  QUAGMIRE: Giggity, giggity, giggity, giggity,  giggity, giggity, giggity, giggity, giggity!  Give it to 'em.  PETER (OVER SPEAKERS): Shut up, Meg.  Sh-Sh-Shut up, Meg.  Heh-heh-heh-heh-heh-heh.  Butt scratcher! Butt scratcher!  (INDISTINCT, RHYTHMIC SHOUTS)  LOIS: Peter, Peter, Peter  CLEVELAND: Roadhouse. Roadhouse.  That's nasty. That's nasty.  LOIS: What? Wha-Wha-Wha-What?  This place is awesome!  Totally! And did you see Tom Sizemore  in the bathroom with a ladle?  (TECHNO BEAT CONTINUES)  You've been playing the exact same song  for 14 hours.  That means you're great.  I was right about you, guy.  Weird you turned that into a compliment about yourself.  Well, I'm on cocaine.  My kid's baseball team came in second place.  I don't care about that.  But listen, there's a big music festival coming up.  You've got some mad deejay skills.  You could be our headliner.  Electric Clam Festival?  Yeah, it's gonna be awesome.  - So what do you say? - Well, I don't know.  I-I should probably check with the guys and see what they  What? You don't need the guys.  I didn't see their fingers press three buttons.  Huh. I guess I do have a gift.  So are you in?  Yeah, that'd be amazing.  Can I kiss you?  - Excuse me? - I don't know.  Someone gave me a pill, and now all I want to do  is feel your jacket.  (MOANING): Oh, yeah.  No, no, stay here. Stay here.    That. That. That. See, listen. Right there.  You can't hear that on a CD.  Only the vinyl, man.  I'm glad we hung out after you struck out with my mom.  You know, I could've used some help folding these fitted sheets.  - Who's this turd? - Oh, this is Georgie.  Brian, I never said you could have guests.  Hey, don't touch that.  Okay, red flags flying.  Look, I need him out of here.  You can't kick him out. He's my friend, and I live here, too.  Not anymore. I want you out of my room.  Well, it's not your room anymore, it's our room.  Lois said so, and I'm not leaving.  I can't believe I ever wanted you here in the first place.  You're messy, you're loud, and thanks to you,  we've got a recurring flea problem.    Hey, Bri. You want to hang out?  Go away, Flea. You're not welcome here.  And put on a shirt. You're 50.  Actually, 54.    (SCRATCHING)  (KNOCKING ON DOOR)  Peter, I was plowing this college chick last night,  and I saw this flyer on her mini fridge.  I thought we were all in this together.  Well, yeah. That's the thing.  A guy on cocaine told me I'm the talent.  So what, you're just dropping us?  Yeah, how could you just ditch us?  All right, you know what? You guys were riding my coattails.  I carried you as long as I could,  but Rob Kardashian's gonna be at this thing,  so I got to be at my best.  Now, get out of here. I got to practice.    Damn it, Peter. That's too loud.  Turn it down.  That isn't loud. This is.  It's not loud until you can feel your head bones.  If you can't hack it, take a hike.  Why's he being such a jerk?  I don't know.  We've always had each other's backs,  like when we used to rob banks  in lesser-known presidents masks.  PETER: All right. Remember to tell everyone who did this.  Um. Who are you guys supposed to be?  PETER (SCOFFS): Oh, come on. I'm James K. Polk.  He's Millard Fillmore.  He's William Henry Harrison.  JOE: First president to die in office.  You should've been FDR.  Why?  'Cause of the you know.  The wheelchair doesn't define me!  CLEVELAND: And I'm Grover Cleveland.  It's funny, 'cause my name's Cleveland.  PETER: Aw, damn it, Cleveland. Now we got to kill them all.  (COCKS GUN) This guy gets it first.    (ALARM RINGING)  Ugh. Didn't you hear the alarm?  Peter, wake up.  We're gonna be late for church.  Are you even listening to me?  You've got to stop coming home so late  if you can't get up in the morning, and  (SPEAKING, NO SOUND)  (HEART BEATING)  (SILENCE CONTINUES EXCEP FOR HEART BEATING)  Oh, God. I can't hear Garfield.  I've gone deaf.    All right, now how long has your husband smelled like this?  Oh, no. That's just from riding here in a hot car,  but Dr. Hartman, what about his hearing?  Hearing?  This is a hospital, I'm not a lawyer.  Oh, for God's sake, is my husband deaf?  Well, there's only one way to find out definitively.  Hey stupid deaf guy!  Well, I've gotten the results back. He's deaf.  This is horrible.  This must be because of all that loud,  blaring music he's been playing in those nightclubs.  What's going on? Can he fix it in time  for me to deejay at the music festival?  - No. - What?  - No! - What?  Are you sure?  - Yes. - What?  (LAUGHING): Have a good life.    Hey, guys, I don't know if you've heard,  but I've gone deaf.  - You what? - What?  Oh, you're ear crippled?  I can't hear you, Joe.  Here's a bag of Alpha-Bits.  Please spell out what you're saying.  Oh, there's no \"L\" s.  By the way, I ate all the \"L\" s. They're delicious.  - They're my favorite ones. - What are you talking about?  - They all taste the same. - What?  Why don't you just text it to him?  You know, that's a good idea.  What the hell do you want?  You told us you were a big shot deejay  and didn't want anything to do with us.  (PHONE CHIMES)  I don't think he can hear it.  Oh, son of a bitch. Look at your phone.  Oh, what do I want?  Um, the Electric Clam Festival's coming up,  and I need your help.  Now that I'm deaf, I can't do it without you guys.  Forget it. You told us to go to hell.  Well, now you can go to hell.  Oh, great. Thanks.  I knew I could count on you guys.  - But we said no. - What?    One, two, thr ah, crap.  One, two come on.  All right. This time for the world record.  Eww. What the hell is that?  It's a ferret. Look at it, Brian.  It's like a long rat.  Like a living tail. Look at its feet.  Eww. They're gross. Why'd you get a ferret?  All the worst roommates have ferrets.  You want to pet it? It bites.  I can't sleep with that monster in here.  That's the idea. I want you out.  This room belongs to me and the ferret now.  Why you being such a dick about this?  Because. You're a pain in the ass to live with.  What did you just do?  I just pushed a little bitch baby.  (YELLING)  (BOTH GRUNTING)  Oh, Brian, there you are.  I wanted to tell you that you can come back  and sleep in our room.  What? I can?  Yeah. Turns out it was Peter  who was causing my allergies.  He stuffed all our pillows with hay  because he thought it looked comfortable in cartoons.  Wow. Then, I guess I'm moving out.  I guess you are.  (SIGHS) Look, Stewie, I-I  I probably got a little carried away.  I'm sorry I wasn't the best roommate.  Hey, Brian.  You know, maybe I wasn't such a great guy, either.  I'm sorry.  Oh, that's okay.  You know, even if we were bad roommates,  we'll always be good friends.  I hope you and your ferret are happy in here together.  Well, now that you're moving out,  I'll probably just drown it in the tub.  (SCREAMS)  Brian! Brian! Ah!  It bit my nose. He's latching on.  Stop moving. I almost got him.  Fill the tub, fill the tub!    Hey, Stella, can I ask you something?  When you went deaf, did your other senses get better?  No. That's a common myth.  Chances are you'll be hit by a bus  in the first three months.  What?  Uh, damn it. Being deaf sucks.  I'd rather be stuck on a Disney cruise.  Ho-ho, ho-ho.  Don't eat the shrimp. Ho-ho.  (SIGHS) You know, the worst part of all of this  is I lost my friends.  I was a complete jerk to them.  I don't blame them for not wanting to help me.  What?  QUAGMIRE: We heard you, Peter.  Hey, Peter! We're over here.  You got to throw something at him.  Ow. Damn it.  What are you guys doing here?  (CHEERING)  All right, Peter, it's all cued up.  Just push this button.  Okay. Here we go.  No, Peter. Not that one.  NARRATOR (OVER COMPUTER): Audible dot com presents,  \"Are You There, Vodka? It's Me, Chelsea,\"  as read by Chelsea Handler.  Peter, that's the wrong track.  Yeah, pretty good stuff, huh?  CHELSEA HANDLER: Chapter one. Stuff I can fit in my lady place.  Up first, Eiffel Tower Lego sculpture  Yep.  Peter, we got to stop this.  CHELSEA HANDLER: Soup thermos Yep.  It's locked.  Yeah. Awesome, huh?  Wait. How come everyone's leaving?  CHELSEA HANDLER: Brother brand, all-in-one fax, scanner, color copier  with phone attachment  (GROANING): Yep.    Well, bad news.  'Cause of that audiobook fiasco  I got fired from the club.  Hey, what's with your voice?  Did you get your hearing back?  Oh, yeah. Turns out it wasn't the loud music  at the clubs that made me go deaf.  It was the fistfuls of Oxycontin.  Well, that stinks about your deejay job.  Sorry it didn't work out for you.  That's okay.  I just appreciate that you guys  were there for me and tried to help me out.  Especially after I'd been such a jerk to you.  Well, it's good to have you back to normal, Peter.  Now, if you'll excuse me,  I'm up on Big Buck Hunter.  I get 'em? Oh, yeah. You got them all, Joe.  We didn't even put quarters in the game. He don't know.   (INDISTINCT CHATTER)  Ugh. This is gonna suck.  80% of these acts are either air guitar  or girls dancing to songs from Frozen.  Yeah, back in my day you had to be a triple threat  to even get on that stage.  You were a triple threat?  I sure was.  I could sing, dance,  and guess the weight of any baby that was tossed to me.    I'm a Yankee Doodle Dandy   Eight pounds!  Yankee Doodle do or die   12-nine! A big one!  A real live nephew of my Uncle Sam   Born on the Fourth of July   Three pounds? Someone couldn't wait to be here.    (SONG ENDS)  Did that really happen?  Nah, I just lip-synced \"Born to Run.\"  The show is about to start.  I-Is Daddy still parking the car?  Yes. Everything takes him longer these days.  His cataracts are getting worse.  Hey, Lois, look over there It's Jessica Chastain.  Oh, Daddy, that's Bryce Dallas Howard.  You're blind as a bat.    Okay, for the first of our 65 performances tonight  - WOMAN: You got to be kidding! - MAN: Son of a bitch!  I agree. Now please welcome Meg Griffin  and Ruth Cochammer. No laughing.  RUTH: It's \"Coke-a-mer\"!  Not in the boys' room it isn't.  (INTRO TO \"NUTHIN' BU A 'G' THANG\" PLAYING)  One, two, three and to the four   Meg Meggy Meg and Dr. Ruth is at the door   Wake up, people, Monsanto is poisoning the world  with frankenfoods, and we're letting it happen.  Monsanto equals murder!  - Monsanto equals murder! - That's enough.  I am so sick of this being used as a platform  to attack genetically modified foods.  You can't silence the truth!  What, what?  It's over, Patty.  PETER: Hi, Patty. I like Patty.  Okay, up next, here's Evelyn Fong,  our 11-year-old high school junior.  (APPLAUSE)  (PLAYING BEAUTIFUL, LILTING MELODY)  (MELODY ENDS)  Oh, my God.  What is that?  It's it's the most beautiful thing I've ever heard.  It's a violin, Peter.  And now, two football players are going to do something  that only makes sense to the rest of the football team.  Coach, the bus is here.  This is an away game?  - (LAUGHTER) - It's true!  Remember that happened?  (CHUCKLES) Those are the kids I bought beer for.  - I got to take a leak. - Daddy, you can't see.  Let me help you to the bathroom.  I can see fine.  All right, there's only so many seats on the bus.  One of you will have to sit next to me.  I will, Coach.  (FOOTBALL PLAYERS LAUGHING)  PLAYER: Oh! He talked on the whole bus ride!  (PLAYER LAUGHING)  (URINATING) How are you, gentlemen  Dude! What the hell?  Whoa! With cataracts like those,  someone needs a big pair of glasses.  Hey! Jessica Chastain!  I'm glad you finally agreed to have  the cataract surgery, Daddy.  I wish I hadn't!  I can't see anything now! This is terrible!  Well, tha-that's why the whole family came to support you.  Oh, really? Oh, wow, that's so kind. Who's here?  Oh, uh, well, as you know, I'm here.  - Who else? - Uh, Stewie and Brian.  Hey, hope you feel better soon.  That doesn't sound like the whole family.  (LIKE PETER): Hey, hope those eyes get better soon, Pop.  It's me, Peter. Shipoopi.  Oh, thanks for coming, Peter.  (LIKE CHRIS): I-I'm here, too, Grandpa.  And, uh, and Meg went down to-to put money in the meter.  Aw, I don't care.  Now, Mr. Pewterschmidt, your vision will be impaired  for a few weeks while you recover.  I recommend you and your wife have someone around  to help you during this time.  Well, I'd love to help you, Daddy,  but Stewie's just been so fussy lately.  He's constantly crying for no reason.  What are you talking about? I'm fine.  Ow! Bitch!  She does this a lot!  You know, maybe Brian could help you.  He could be your service dog.  (QUIETLY): Come on, Lois, I don't want to do that.  Your father and I have nothing in common.  Brian, please. If you do this for me,  you'll be a hero just like King Arthur  when he pulled the sword from the stone.  (SUSTAINED FARTING)  (CONTINUES FARTING) Oh yeah!  Whew!  Oh, God, this is embarrassing.  (CONTINUES FARTING) I'm so sorry.  It's been, like, 500 years.  Aw, this is your big moment and I'm ruining it.  (PLAYING BADLY)  Peter, what the hell are you doing?  I'm learning violin. It's kind of like my new hobby.  Well, if we're talking about new hobbies  What is this? It's a Mason jar  filled with layered sand.  You can put it in your bathroom  or anywhere you want to feel peaceful.  Now it's nothing.  I always liked the violin,  'cause it kind of has curves like a lady.  Hey, you know what? Maybe you guys can learn an instrument, too,  and then we could all play together.  Really? That sounds like a lot of work.  Yeah, no offense, muchacho, but I don't know  if I have time for that, muchacho.  Yeah, you're doing \"muchacho\" wrong.  Come on, guys, it could be cool.  I did play the oboe in high school,  and the girls wouldn't leave me alone.  Girls do like guys in a band.  I'm in. Giggity.  (CHUCKLES): Oh, Quagmire, you are so predictable.  And that's why I love you, muchacho.  See? That's how you do \"muchacho.\"  And, you know, there's four of us  We could be a string quartet.  All right, I'll do it.  But first you guys got to do one thing for me.  Sure, Joe. What is it?  I want you to put me in the booth.  I want to feel like a person for a second.  Aw, yeah, sure, no problem.  All right, Quagmire, you do upper, I'll do lower?  Sure. Let's do it!  (STRAINED GRUNTING)  Wow. Thanks, guys.  Uh-oh.  (THUD) Hey, guys, guys, put him back up.  I just thought of something.  (LOWERING PITCH)  (THUD) (GIGGLES)  This is gonna be a blast.  Mr. Pewterschmidt, your service dog has arrived.  - Hey, Carter. - Brian!  Y-You have a butler? Then why am I here?  - Why can't he help you? - What? That's stupid.  Who would announce him?  See, this right here,  this is the one-percenter crap I can't stand.  Yes, it is. Now, sit your 99-percenter ass down  and read me the comics.  (GROANS)  Okay. The Wizard of Id is addressing his subjects.  - Is he up on that balcony? - Yes.  Ha-ha! Then it's a good one.  (PETER PLAYING OUT OF TUNE)  Okay, hang on, hang on, hang on.  Peter, what note are you playing?  I-I'm sorry, I'm not familiar. Note?  Haven't you been practicing?  All right, fine, I haven't.  But I've been doing other violin stuff.  Like I bought this jacket like what Bugs Bunny wears  when he's with that opera guy.  Wow, that looks sharp.  Yeah, I've been practicing how to sit down in it.  Ew, Peter, those tails are soaking wet.  They may have been in the toilet.  Brian! Get in here!  Wh-What's up? What do you need?  I'm done with my bath. Put on this lady wig  - and help me out of the tub. - What? Why do I have to wear a wig?  Otherwise it's weird.  Thank you, Penelope.  Hey, it's 4:30 time for dinner.  But first, grab that Gold Bond and powder my speed bag.  Ah. There's the tingle.  Wow, so you can just bypass all that gridlock?  Having a helicopter's amazing!  And that's not all I also use it  to throw boxes of frogs down on that church.  (LAUGHS): They go bananas!  Boy, I could really get used to this rich guy stuff.  Funny, funny, funny what money can do   Them that have it   Get more of it   Less they need it   The more they love it   And it sticks to them   Like glue   Funny, funny, funny what money can do   Ask the rich man   He'll confess   Money can't buy   Happiness   Ask the poor man   He don't doubt   But he'd rather be miserable with than without   If you spend it   Please be wiser   If you save it   You're a miser   You don't want it   You're cuckoo   Funny, funny, funny what money can do   You guys, I got great news!  Some skank I used to bang is getting married,  and they need someone to play at the ceremony.  - We got our first gig! - Wow, a wedding that's awesome!  All right, then we should probably practice our piece.  (PLAYING \"WEDDING MARCH\" WITH PETER OUT OF TUNE)  Wait, hold on, hold on. Peter, uh, that's terrible.  You sounded like you were strangling a cat.  Well, I was that's how I got revved up to perform.  No, just now. Look, it's clear  that you still haven't practiced at all.  Yeah, this was your idea in the first place,  but you're the only one who's done no work.  No work? I stared in a mirror for hours  playing air violin to the song \"Bittersweet Symphony.\"  Peter, you're out of the group.  What?!  Well, fine. Screw you guys!  (DOOR OPENS, CLOSES)  Wow, he seemed pretty angry.  Yeah, I haven't seen him this upset  since he got caught using that fake ID.  Can I see your ID, please?  Give me one second.  Uh, sir, that lady who came in and ate all the pies is back.  Okay, let's see how those eyes are doing.  See if you can tell me where Waldo is.  He's right there buying an ice cream cone.  Damn it! I've been stuck on that page for two days.  Oh, and your eyes are fine.  Hey, that's terrific, Carter!  Seems like it's time to go home  and pour some of that Scotch of yours to celebrate.  That sounds like a great idea.  See you later. Wait, wait, wait.  What are you talking about?  I meant, like like, both of us.  Didn't you hear him? I'm all healed.  I don't need a service dog anymore.  What are you saying?  I'm saying I'm done with you.  Now, before I go,  I'm just gonna old-man drink this glass of water.  (SIGHS)  (SIGHS)  (SIGHS)  Now, to take an old man pee.  (DOOR OPENS)  Ow. Ow. (SHORT SPLASHES)  Ow.  Ow. Ow.  Ow.  Ow. Ow. (SHORT SPLASHES CONTINUE)  Ow.  Ow. Ow.  Ow. Ow.  (SHORT SPLASH) Ow.  Oh, Brian, just in time for dinner.  We're having sloppy Joes.  Eh, what else you got?  How about a knuckle sandwich?  If Peter said that,  you all would've lost your minds laughing.  It's just that at Carter's house,  if you don't want something heavy,  Étienne will whip you up an egg dish with some shallots  and chanterelles or whatever's fresh.  Yeah, I know all about Étienne.  He climbed into my bed when I was 11.  I'm sure this is a step down for you, Bri,  but now you're back in the real world  where our poop stinks, and we all eat garbage.  Yeah, I guess I got used  to being a little pampered over at Carter's.  Well, I'd be careful with your uptown ways.  Some of the other kids don't like it.  (LOUD MUNCHING) (SNORTING)  He thinks he's better than us.  What time you going to bed, fancy boy?  I don't know. 9:00?  9:00, Chris.  Look, it's not even about the stuff.  Carter and I became friends.  Wait a minute! Of course!  Whatever you're going to say next, I bet it's wrong.  I offended Carter by offering to work for him.  I mean, once it became a friendship,  he didn't want me working for him.  He wanted a pal.  Brian, you're not kidding anyone.  We all know you don't care about Carter.  You only care about his money.  No, no, no. He knows I'm his friend.  Yeah, right. That's what Woody thought about Buzz Lightyear.  (GASPS) Bo Peep!  What-what's going on here?  Um you've got a friend in me?  What are you doing here?  I-I thought you were rehearsing with the guys.  Ah, the bastards kicked me out 'cause I'm not good enough.  Oh, and they also taught me  that if your hand is bigger than your face, you have cancer,  so maybe you should, uh, you know, do the test.  I had cancer, Peter. Remember?  I was in the hospital? You weren't there for it.  Well, maybe you have it again.  Peter, I'm not falling for your trick,  but if you're upset about the guys  kicking you out of the group, you can't really blame them.  The violin takes discipline and dedication.  You never even practiced.  They probably thought you were just wasting their time.  Maybe you're right. I guess  guess I could've been a little more serious about it.  Well, it's not too late.  Maybe you could find a teacher who could help you learn,  and if you work at it and get a little better,  they'll see you care about them.  You know what? That's a great idea!  I'll take some lessons.  I'm gonna work really hard just like my deodorant.  How does a guy like me stay fresh  I use Fat Guys Deodorant.  Whether you're sitting, leaning,  lying down or sitting, Fat Guys keeps ya dry.  Apply every five minutes, and you're good for five minutes.  And now for the confusing commercial backstory.  Ready for the fund-raiser, Dad?  Yeah, be right there, buddy.  We're going to a fund-raiser, and we share a bedroom.  Mr. Pewterschmidt, you have a visitor.  Hey, buddy, looking good!  So, what are we drinking?  Or better yet, why aren't we drinking?  Get the hell out of here!  I told you I'm done with you!  And besides, I'm off to the spa down at the club.  How's the temp? Good and hot?  Oh, yeah, that's the stuff.  Hey, did you also not wash your ass before getting in?  Yeah, (BLEEP) that sign.  - There you go, Mr. Glenn. - Thanks.  Hey, can I get a couple of extras of these plastic bags?  Let me just test this out quickly.  (INHALES DEEPLY)  Yeah, that works. Okay, now you go.  I have to get back to teaching violin lesson.  (PLAYING SCALES)  Those scales sound terrible!  You fat and lazy! You leave now!  No, please! I got to get better  so I can be as good as my friends.  I really let 'em down.  You fingers no bleeding.  You no try hard enough!  You want me press iron on your back again?  I'm trying! I'm trying!  Try harder! Play better!  (CRYING, PLAYING FASTER AND BETTER)  (SCREAMING)  Is somebody making a Cuban sandwich?  Lousy no-good rotten frassum-rassum  (MUTTERING GIBBERISH)  Brian, what's up?  Why are you engaging in cartoon profanity?  Carter wants nothing to do with me.  - I'm just so mad. - Don't you mean sad?  You know, about the friendship?  Oh, no, of course, you mean mad about the money.  All right, fine, it was about the money.  - I miss the money. - Yes, I know.  I saw all your Instagrams on his helicopter  like it was your helicopter.  I never said it was my helicopter.  Yeah, never said it wasn't.  The implication was that it was a regular part of your life.  Anyway, I know this makes me sound awful, but I almost wish  Carter was still blind so he'd still need me.  Yeah, but he's not.  But he could be.  But he isn't. But he should be.  Oh, no.  Come on, it'd be temporary,  just until he realizes I'm a great hang.  But you're not, so I don't want any part of this.  Okay. I get it. I get it.  Nah, you-you wouldn't want to help me.  What was I thinking? He he's your grandfather.  Even though he did say that thing about you.  What? What did he say about me?  Oh, I I'm sorry. I thought I told you.  Um, he said you couldn't cut it as a member of One Direction.  What?! But they have an opening!  Zayn is gone!  He does know Zayn is gone, right?  Oh, he definitely knows.  Yeah, he-he thinks you could be in O-Town,  but not One Direction.  Okay, I'm pretty sure you're manipulating me,  but let's go blind that old bastard.  Listen, Peter, we know you've been working hard on the violin,  but more importantly, you're our pal,  and we'd like you to be back in the group.  Really? What if I'm not good enough?  Well, that's the thing.  We decided we'd rather be lousy with you than great without you.  Joe, no offense, but I'd prefer to hear it from someone else.  - That's fair. - So, what do you say, Peter?  Will you come and play the wedding with us?  Oh, you bet I will! Oh, thanks!  You guys won't regret this, and don't you worry.  I'll be ready, unlike Lois getting dressed for a night out.  (GROANING) Tell them the truth!  It's me. It's me.  I'm the one who takes too long to get ready.  It's 'cause I don't have any nice clothes.  Peter!  All right. It's 'cause I don't like the way I look.  (WATER RUNNING)  Okay, Brian, Carter's in the shower.  As soon as he comes out, we spray this right in his eyes.  What'd you put in there again?  Oh, it's just tap water from Flint, Michigan.  And that's how the penis song goes.   Aah! Son of a bitch! My eyes!  (QUIETLY): You're up.  Carter, what happened?  You look like you could use some help.  Aah! My face! Aah!  (GROANING)  Oh, my God!  What did I let money do to me?  Who did this? Who are you?  Carter, it's me, Brian.  I did this, and it's made me realize  that I was blinded by luxury and comfort,  but now I see that none of that matters if I don't  Brian, Brian, hold on.    Looks like we've learned a lot, and my face is better.    (CROWD CHATTER, CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKING)  God, I'm so nervous.  You sure you guys want me to play with you?  Yes, Peter. You play away.  We're a quartet.  Just do the best you can.  You may kiss the bride.  (PLAYING \"WEDDING MARCH\")  (PLAYING A BEAUTIFUL SOLO)  (APPLAUSE)  Peter, that was amazing!  I know. Those lessons really paid off!  I'll say! The way you play,  we'll have more gigs than we can handle.  Not a chance. Mr. Washy Washy took all the joy out of this.  I hate the violin. I hate music.  I hate life, and I'm never doing this again!  All right, guys, let's go drink a bunch of free booze  and be a huge presence in the wedding photos.  Oh, what a night   Late December back in '63   What a very special time for me   As I remember, what a night   Oh, what a night         I got to say, some days I wish  I didn't have a sister.  Oh  - What? - Nothing.  Oh, I thought you asked me  what was going on with my sister.  I did not.  Hey, look. Tom Tucker.  Good evening, I'm Tom Tucker.  Coming up, tonight's second story.  But first, Quahog says good-bye  to an old friend.  That's right, Tom. Medieval Castle,  which has been a staple of family entertainment and dining,  is closing its doors.  The restaurant has gone into foreclosure,  and will be up for auction tomorrow.  Yes, hard to believe a place where you eat with your hands  next to piles of horse dung  while untrained theater students fight  with real swords could be drowning in lawsuits.  Medieval Castle? I love that place.  My sister almost got a job there once.  Guys, we should go to that auction tomorrow and buy it.  I mean, can you imagine if we had our own medieval castle?  I bet it'd be even more fun  than when I went to White Castle.  Huh. Name's a little deceiving.  (GROANING)  What's wrong with you?  Oh, it's my back. It's killing me.  Yeah, I'm not falling for that hot-oil massage bit again.  No, this time it's not a bit.  I'm really hurt.  I must have jacked it up playing sports  and not trying to dance like Beyoncé.  Wow. If you're in that much pain,  I better tell Lois.  (SCOFFS): Please don't.  Then she'll drive me to the doctor,  and I hate being in the car with her.  (\"EVERY MORNING\" PLAYING) BOTH:  Oh, oh, oh   Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh  Oh, oh, oh   Shut the door, baby, don't say a word   Okay, I guess that's not my part.  (INDISTINCT CHATTER)  There it is, guys. Aw, this is gonna be awesome!  We just got to win this auction,  and then we'll have our own castle.  Oh, yeah? Over my dead tooth!  Good afternoon, and welcome to today's auction.  I'm Al Harrington, of Al Harrington's  Wacky Waving Inflatable Arm-Flailing  Tubeman Warehouse and Emporium.  Due to the presence of black mold,  discarded half-eaten turkey legs,  and an undulating rat king that no one dares approach,  I have been advised to move these proceedings along  as quickly as possible.  Do I hear an opening bid? Anyone.  Do I hear an opening bid for this majestic  fiberglass castle facade,  masking what was once a Midas Muffler shop?  Two bits.  Two bits. That's 25 cents in the Old West.  We have 25 cents. Do I hear higher than 25 cents?  This paper bag, which could be full of money or my socks.  You take the chance.  We have an intriguing mystery bag.  Do I hear more than the mystery bag?  Two bits and a cardboard box,  which may or may not contain a mystery bag.  Already the most challenging auction  I have ever been a part of.  Do I hear a higher bid  from that James Bond villain over there?  50 kroner.  Which, converted to American currency,  is $7.40.  Do I hear a much higher bid, followed by shocked murmuring?  $10,000! (ALL GASP)  - I'm shocked. - That's shocking.  We're all shocked.  We can't afford that.  Peter, do something. I can't.  There's only $9,000 in the mystery bag.  Due to my 12:00 noon court appointment  as part of a crippling child-custody battle  with my horrific ex-wife,  I am saying going once, going twice,  and awarding this condemned building to you!  (APPLAUSE)  Damn, it, we lost!  I guess the castle was a crazy idea anyway.  I should probably just invest this money  in a 401-Gay.  And how long before I can take this out?  Man, those losers don't deserve that castle.  I would call my sister about this  if she were able to answer the phone.  Poor thing.  Poor, poor thing.  Well, you know, in castle times,  if you wanted something, you just took it.  What are you talking about?  I'm saying the four of us should storm that castle  and take it for ourselves.  Should we do it with careful planning,  or have another couple beers and then just go for it?  Well, let's make that decision  after another couple beers.  I checked with my mom, and she said  it was cool with her if we wanted to sleep here tonight.  - I'm pretty sure I can. - Count me in.  I'm gonna have to go home and get my pillow.  (ALL SHOUTING)  Yes, you heard me right, cancel my insurance.  I've been in this location for 40 years,  and never once have I broken a lamp.  Good day, sir.  God, I hope he's got insurance.  Of course he's got insurance.  He's been at this location for 40 years.  Yes, you heard me right.  Cancel my husband's life insurance.  He's been in perfect health for 40 years.  We're selling the lamp store and going to travel.  We need this after losing both our children.  Good day, sir.  (CRICKETS CHIRPING)  All right, plan \"B.\"  We'll shoot flaming arrows, like in Robin Hood.  So should I be aiming for an open window,  or just arcing it over the wall?  I don't know, I've never seen the movie,  just the Bryan Adams video.  Oh, such a good song.  Archers  Yeah?  Oh, yeah, he's that guy, too.  Prepare to fire.  (SIRENS BLARING)  I wonder what they're gonna put here.  Trader Joe's?  Oh, I would love a Trader Joe's!  Sorry to keep you, I was reading this  Highlights magazine in the waiting room.  Do you see any differences between these two pictures?  Oh, the pie has a wedge removed.  Yes, yes.  Dr. Hartman, were you able to tell anything  from Stewie's X rays?  Oh, yeah. Little guy's got scoliosis.  Oh, my God.  Oh, no, am I gonna be a big-shoe, small-shoe guy?  But don't worry, he'll be fine.  He just needs to wear this brace for a while  - to correct it. - Oh, dear.  Now, does he have any school pictures coming up?  Yeah, he actually does.  Well, then, this will not be  a \"refrigerator door\" year.  All right, this says if we don't get arrested  for the next six months,  the arson and mayhem charges will be dropped.  Hey, sorry again, you guys.  Ah, no harm done.  Yeah, no hard feelings, fellas.  I've already forgotten about it.  I'm too busy thinking about my hot date tonight.  Yeah, right. \"Hot date.\"  With your left hand or your right hand?  Actually, I use both and do, like, an Indian burn.  But that's not what this is.  Tonight I'm getting lucky.  Hi, are you Mort?  Why, yes, I am.  What the hell was that? Mort's getting laid?  Yeah, thanks to Tinder, he's had a different girl  every night this week.  What's \"Tinder\"?  It's an app for your phone  where two strangers can hook up  for a dirty liaison.  - What, like hookers? - Nope.  Just two horny people with phones.  Wait, I don't get it.  So you hit 'em on the head with your phone and knock 'em out?  No, you just swipe someone's picture, they come over, and you plow 'em.  Wow! I gotta try this.  I mean, easy sex on the Internet?  Did you know about this, Scott Baio?  Uh, yeah.  And you, Scott Caan?  Did you also know about easy sex on the Internet?  Yes.  And how about you, douche bag music producer Scott Storch?  Quagmire, all the Scotts know about it.  Okay, let's get me set up on this Tinder thing.  I can't wait to start getting laid  at the push of a button.  Well, first you got to set up your profile.  Oh, yeah, I've been working on that. I wrote several long paragraphs  describing my interests, some pet peeves,  choice of wine, a couple of inspirational quotes,  things I've learned from my cats  No, no, no, no. None of that.  You want a naked bathroom selfie  covering your stuff with a fistful of $100 bills.  That shows you like sex, and you got mon-ay!  Well, that seems a bit crude.  - (PHONE CHIMES) - Oh, she's cute.  And wearing a yin-yang necklace.  That's interesting. I wonder what beach that is.  No, no, no. Give me that.  Here, you see this? You see what I'm doing?  Not even looking. I'm swiping \"yes.\"  Yes, yes, yes. Casting a wide net.  - (PHONE CHIMES) - Heh, look at this.  You already got a hit. And she sent a message.  She did? What am I looking at here?  It's mostly small, colorful pictures.  Those are emojis. Read 'em.  Okay, it says \"Hey,\" and then a kissy face,  and then, like, a saucy, smirking face,  three balloons, and a locomotive.  What the hell is all this?  Maybe she likes you. Send something back.  Okay. \"Dearest Theresa, I hope this finds you well.  I so appreciated your last communication\"  No, stop, stop! God, stop, stop!  Just send her an eggplant and the erupting volcano.  (BRACE SQUEAKING)  All right, take a gander.  Gawk at the Elephant Man. Let's get it all out.  - There's our brave guy. - Brave?  And just for being such a trooper,  I thought maybe you could be  the first in line for snack today.  Really? On pretzel day?  And after that, you can hold the bunny!  Yeah, I'll pass on that.  But the pretzel thing sounds up my alley.  Now, if I could just find someone  to wear this hero hat.  (GASPS) I think I found him.  Well, I say, that was a pleasant surprise.  You know, like when a woman in a Porsche Cayenne  isn't a complete bitch.  Huh. Well, I did not expect that.  (TIRES SCREECH)  I wasn't telling you to go,  I was trying to smell my own fart.  (DOORBELL RINGS)  Hi, are you Courtney, from Tinder?  You must be Glenn. I got you these.  A lovely bouquet for a lovely  Yeah, take off your pants and sit on the coffee table.  Okay.  (DOOR CLOSES)  That was great.  And we can still make our reservation.  What? Why?  - We already had sex. - Wait.  So I don't have to make small-talk with you  - or spend any money? - Of course not.  Here, wipe yourself off with this West Elm catalog.  My God, this app is amazing!  Thank you, cell-phone Jesus.  Huh?  Oh, yeah, fine.  (\"FUN\" BY PITBULL FEATURING CHRIS BROWN PLAYING)  Oh, feeling crazy   The moon is up   The night is hazy   Let's got lost in the shadows   Somewhere we can go   And no one else can find   Loosen up your body till you come undone   Loosen up your body, baby, come undone   Oh, my, my, looking like a good, good time   Don't disguise   The way you wanna love tonight   Oh, my, my, hook you with a brand-new high   Don't be shy, I just wanna live tonight   Live a little  F.U.N.   So, how's it going with the back brace?  - Are people giving you a hard time? - Quite the contrary, Brian.  Apparently, people love the wretched.  Thanks to this thing, I was offered seats  directly behind home plate at Fenway.  I passed.  Wow, that patient next door (LAUGHING) is fat.  PATIENT: I can hear you.  Uh, that wasn't me, that was Mrs. Griffin.  So, I've got Stewie's results here.  Um, it appears the back brace  has corrected the spine very nicely.  That's wonderful.  Stewie doesn't have to wear the brace anymore.  What? No! I can't give this thing up.  Wait, what do you mean?  - You want to keep wearing the brace? - Of course I do.  It's the best thing that's ever happened to me.  When I wear this brace,  I get pampered like the Queen of England.  So, I have the most money in the world, right?  Yes, Your Majesty.  Great. Can you make sure my hair  looks like anyone in a nursing home?    All right, hitting the links.  Joe, golf shorts may not be the right look for you.  It's gonna be a nice day.  Not for us, if you wear those.  Well, that seems a little hurtful.  Hey, where's Quagmire? Our tee time's in 20 minutes.  I don't know.  I haven't seen much of him since he discovered Tinder.  (DOOR CREAKS)  QUAGMIRE: Tinder?  Quagmire, come on. It's time for golf.  I swipe \"no\" on golf.  (SNIFFS) Smells kind of gamey in here.  Swipe \"yes\" on Betsy. Swipe \"yes\" on Jennifer.  Swipe \"yes\" on Andrea. Swipe \"yes\" on all the lady faces.  Swipe, swipe, swipe, swipe, swipe, swipe, swipe.  Let's, uh, let's get a little light in here, huh, buddy?  (SCREAMS) The yellow face!  It burns my Tinder!  Oh, my God, he's lost it.  That app's turned Quagmire into some kind of sex ghoul.  The way he's crouching, there's a teste peeking out.  Hey, listen, Quagmire,  you're our friend, all right?  We hate to see you like this.  I don't have any friends,  only sex people from the phone.  You got to stop this.  It looks like you haven't left this room in weeks.  No need to leave. They all come here.  Sometimes they bring burgers and cheese.  Hey, come on, Quagmire, let's go for a walk, huh?  Get some fresh air oh, for God's sake.  You're gonna have a baby in your butt, man.  Can't leave.  \"Heather within five miles\" is coming.  (KNOCK ON DOOR)  Are you \"Glenn within five miles\"?  I can take my glass eye out  if you want to try something different.  I got a good feeling about her. Maybe she's the one.  Let's do it in the garage.  It's kind of cold, but we can do sweaters on, pants off.  Look, he left his phone.  I'm just gonna nudge it with my knee  into this empty pizza box and it's stuck to my knee.  Let's, uh, let's just go.  All right, we got to just throw that phone away  and end this once and for all.  Yeah, no kidding. Quagmire's in bad shape.  He looks worse than I did after that day at the beach.  I spanked somebody else's kid.  Sorry I was late.  You're still wearing that back brace?  That can't be good for you.  Dr. Hartman said you were done with that thing.  I'm not gonna listen to that bozo.  Of course I'm still wearing it.  Watch me jump this line.  Excuse me, I have scoliosis.  Excuse me. Scoliosis, coming through.  Hey, pal. Polio.  A thousand apologies.  Swipe. Swipe. Swipe.  Come on, I'm not getting any matches!  All right, Quagmire, we got to talk.  This whole thing's out of control, Quagmire.  You got to get off Tinder.  Yeah, there's plenty of nice women out in the real world  to meet the old-fashioned way.  And on top of that, Tinder makes you gross.  There was a time when you'd be more selective   When you were horny and feeling erective   Now one swipe and there's thousands to bone   All from a sex app you use on your phone   That's the Tinder.  A lot of sad, lonely gals who want babies   300-pounders infested with scabies   Leather gimps who do nothing but moan   These are the weirdos you find on your phone   You know, a surprising number of them live near the airport.  Gonorrhea   H.P.V.-ah   You will catch a dose   Of blisters and itching and genital warts   'Cause Tinder makes you so gross   And for kids it's kind of tragic   Sex for them has lost its magic   Banging every Tom and Dick and Jack and Jill and Joan   And this also might surprise you   All your married friends despise you   'Cause we're not allowed to have an orgy through our phone   You're perverted   Barely human   You're not even close   A filthy degenerate seeking a thrill   Your spirits and genitals run through the mill   With plenty of holes and prescriptions to fill   'Cause Tinder makes you   So gross.   You guys can just forget it.  I'm not quitting Tinder.  Guys, I've been to the doctor's.  I do have a baby in my butt.  Mm, you're still here.  Did we?  (GROANS)  What the deuce?  (GRUNTING)  Brian! Brian!  Yes, is it possible to get Showtime for free  for the next, like, two hours to see if I like it?  STEWIE: Brian!  (GRUNTING)  What is this? What's happening to me?  Oh, my God, Stewie.  It's got to be from wearing that damn brace all the time.  Your neck must have atrophied so much  it can no longer support your head.  You've got to take me to the hospital.  Absolutely.  Let me just watch Jennifer's Body  and we'll go right there.  Brian, there's no nudity in that movie.  Take me to the hospital!  What, so it's rated \"R\" for curses?  God, this country.  Is it, is it noticeable?  Oh, nothing that can't be fixed  with a string of chili pepper Christmas lights.  STEWIE: I wore that brace for the next five years of my life.  The kids stopped cheering the second day.  Then it was just, \"Get off the swing, you Christmas turd.\"  I'll have another one, Jerome.  You sure you haven't had too many?  Just give me a drink.  Sir, is everything all right?  I'm fine. I'm fine, it  oh, h oh, hey, uh, you on Tinder?  What? That gross dating thing?  No. Look, I'm not trying to pick you up,  it just seemed like you were upset about something,  and I know when I'm upset, it's nice to let someone else in.  Giggity.  What did you just say?  I-I-I don't know.  I think I said, I said, \"Giggity.\"  Okay.  Come on, Quagmire, this is a real girl  right in front of you.  Just pick her up and take her home.  You don't need your phone.  Don't listen to him. I'm all you need.  Are you really gonna listen to a phone over me?  God, I don't know why I do this anymore.  Don't give up, Miniature Quagmire.  This is exactly why you got  into the over-the-shoulder advice business.  Ignore him, Miniature Quagmire.  Give up on your attempt to convince real Quagmire  to not use Tinder, and to instead have sex  with this woman who's right in front of him.  Wait, what's going on?  I'm just saying, you used to have skills  that no one else had, that took you years to hone.  You were an artist.  Ah, damn. I think I was too wordy.  I'm still an artist.  What was that?  I was just saying, I am upset about something.  I thought you were.  Do you want to talk about it?  I do.  I buried my twin brother today.  We were very close.  We used to finish each other's, um  Sentences?  Oh, oh, I just got chills.  I'm Sandra.  I'm Glenn.  You know, I just,  I just feel like my penis shouldn't be alone tonight.  All right.  Well, looks like Quagmire's back.  Yep, he's scumming it up in the real world again.  And all it took was for us to hire  that $200 dirty prostitute  to pretend to be a nice lady in a bar.  I'm just glad she's a prostitute  and not that lady murderer that's been all over the news.  Hi, I'm that prostitute you guys hired to seduce your friend.  Oh, boy. Well, deal's off, he's dead.  But perhaps we can make other arrangements.  (GRUNTING)  Hey, do you think I could try to kick one?  No. You're all-time goalie.   TV ANNOUNCER: We now return to The Terminator.  I've been sent here from the future.  I have to have sex with your housekeeper to save humanity.  What?  Bring me your housekeeper!  I have to have sex with her now!  I'm the Terminator!  I don't have a housekeeper.  And I think you're just  present-day Arnold Schwarzenegger.  No, I am a machine.  Every second I'm not having sex with a housekeeper,  robots are killing people in the future.  Okay, I finish for the day.  You lied to me!  You do have a housekeeper!  Let's go make a large-faced boy.  Whoa, whoa, whoa, cop, cop, cop.  Peter, it's me, and you're an adult man drinking in a bar.  Anyway, sorry I'm late.  The pantry down at the station needed new shelf paper.  That's what they got you doing down there?  Well, that, and I'm also in charge of the office gerbil.  And let me tell you, Lieutenant Nibbles is quite a handful.  He'll only eat real cheese, not processed.  You buy special cheese for a gerbil?  Yeah, I have to, he outranks me.  Jeez, Joe, what the hell happened?  You used to be this badass cop out there on the street,  busting heads and keeping us safe.  Well, it may not sound exciting, but I play an important role.  I go through all the body cam footage  and take out all the parts where the cops go pee-pee.  So you're just erasing cop wieners all day?  Eh, not erasing, sort of cutting them together  into a funny montage we show on birthdays.  Speaking of which, Flannigan's got the big \"four-oh\" coming up.  Got to go.  Man, you guys think Joe's as happy as he says he is,  just doing all that desk work?  No way, he's just putting lipstick on a pig.  This is called \"Crimson Sky.\"  What do you think?  Mmm.  WOMAN'S VOICE: Harold?  Get this off of me!  What are you doing in the women's department?  Uh, waiting for you.  Well, I'm ready. Let's go.  [voice breaking.]: Who are you?  Ugh, she just put her tampons on top of the bread.  Take the groceries out, we got start over.  Mom, can I go barehand raisins from the bulk aisle?  Okay, but if you get caught,  just say, \"oopsie-poopsie,\" like a simpleton.  Hey, watch your fat arms!  Excuse me, ma'am, your little girl dropped her teddy bear.  What?  \"Little girl\"?  [laughs.]  Yeah, she hates it when she drops that.  He's actually a little boy, but thank you very much.  Did she just think I was a girl?  Why would she think that?  I don't know, maybe she saw you try to throw that feather  in the yard yesterday.  Hey, don't watch me when I'm doing stuff.  MANAGER: What are you doing, kid?  Those aren't free!  CHRIS: Oopsie-poopsie!  MANAGER: Aw, God bless you.  Help yourself.  [engine stalling.]  JOE: Car trouble?  Ah, son of a bitch, Joe!  Didn't even hear you coming.  Yeah, I'm kind of quiet on grass.  Thanks for giving me a ride, Joe.  Hey, since we're in a cop car,  let's talk about our hunches and how something doesn't add up.  All right.  I have a hunch Madea's not really a girl.  Yeah, something doesn't add up about that.  DISPATCHER: All units,  reports of a drug deal in progress at Fifth and Maple.  Shots fired.  Suspect possibly armed.  Well, shots fired, so definitely armed, duh.  Dispatch much?  Sorry, guys.  Fifth and Maple? That's right near here.  We got to go!  No can do, I got to go to the station  and tidy up the bulletin board.  No one's biting on those guitar lessons.  What are you talking about?  There's a drug deal going down!  Peter, there's a lot you don't understand about police work.  What's to understand? I watch TV.  Come on, Joe, let's put this 70's siren on your car and go.  Did you just wipe a booger on my roof?  Let's go! Let's go!  [siren chirps.] Oh, crap! Cops!  That's the house!  Hold on, Peter, we can't go in there.  We got to wait for backup.  The hell we do! [gun clicks.]  Peter!  Reach for the stars!  What?  I think he's telling us to follow our dreams.  Where are the drugs?  What are you doing?  You are violating all kinds of procedures!  There's no drugs here, pig.  Ah-ha! No drugs, huh?  Well, what do you call this?  And I'll bet there's more where that came from.  [toilet flushes.]  They're trying to flush their stash!  Nice try, scumbag,  but I got your squishy drugs right here.  Uh-oh.  Peter, hand me my gun and get out of here!  I could get fired for this!  And I can't go back to my job as a magician's assistant.  And now, to pull the two sides apart.  [cymbal crash, audience gasps.]  And wiggle your toes!  I said, wiggle your toes!  JOE: Yeah, that's, uh,  that's why I wanted to talk to you before the show.  What's up, dudes?  Stewie, what the hell is all this?  Uh, only the most manly thing ever.  A little something called American football.  Is that a Michael Sam jersey?  Yep. Two boy names.  Doubly masculine.  - Like George Michael? - Shut up!  Come on, Stewie, are you still hung up about  that woman at the grocery store thinking you were a girl?  Elton John.  Is another.  It has nothing to do with that, Brian.  I just thought it'd be good to take up a sport.  You know, like boys do.  You don't have to play football to prove you're a boy.  Barney Frank.  Is yet another one.  Chris, please.  Actually, you know what? Ricky Martin.  There's a bunch of these.  Anyway, they're not gonna let you play football, Stewie.  You're too little.  Oh, don't worry.  I'm gonna be bad news for the other team.  And nobody likes bad news.  Except for Larry, the Self-Loathing Idiot.  Larry, I'm afraid you only have three months to live.  [soft, idiotic giggle.]  POLICE CAPTAIN: Swanson!  I need to see you right now!  Captain.  Lieutenant.  You had no business participating in that raid  at Fifth and Maple.  I know that, Captain. I'm sorry that I  But I'm glad you did.  Excuse me?  You brought down one of the biggest drug rings in Quahog.  Above and beyond, Swanson.  Well, sir, I  I'm just like any other cop.  My wife puts on my pants one leg at a time.  I appreciate your modesty, but nice work.  It's hard to believe you did that all by yourself.  Yep, did it all by myself, I did, I did.  My little lonesome, says I.  That's weird phrasing, but I'll tell you this, Swanson,  you keep up this kind of work,  there'll be no more grocery runs for you.  You'll be back on the street full-time.  Thank you, Captain.  - [squeaking.] - Sir?  Thank you, sir.  Hey, Peter.  You know, I was just thinking about how much fun we had  the other day, and wondered if you'd want to join me  for another ride-along.  Well, yeah, but I-I thought you said I couldn't do that  'cause you'd get in trouble.  Eh, it'll be our little secret.  All right.  Hey, can I drive the car?  - Yeah, I guess I can let you drive. - Awesome!  Hey, and-and can we go slow up to a homeless guy  and go \"joop-joop\" and see what he does?  That's half the job.  So, what do you say? You think you're up to it?  You bet I am.  I'm in the best shape of my life.  I've been working my Dave Matthews Punching Bag.  Thank you very much for using me today.  [mumbling to the speed of punching bag.]  This isn't annoying enough.  I need my David Lee Roth bag.  [mumbling to the speed of punching bag.]  [whistle blowing, children clamoring.]  Wow. So these are the wife-beaters of tomorrow.  Which team is Stewie gonna be on?  He's not gonna be on any team.  He's just overcompensating, because he was called a girl.  But once he sees how big the other kids are, he'll back out.  Ooh! My shoes have 12 little heels.  BRIAN: They're cleats!  Okay, kids, let's start practice.  Yeah! Football!  Boy stuff. Hitting the shower.  Getting embarrassed.  Going home to shower.  Okay, Stewie, enough is enough.  All right, let's-let's get you out of here.  Yeah, you probably should get him out of there,  'cause he's just a little shrimp.  Uh, okay, thank you.  I mean, look at him.  My Tyler would kill him out there.  Okay, well, believe me, there's  there's more to him than you think.  Come on, Stewie.  You know, ballet is great exercise.  Maybe you should put short stack in a tutu.  No, you know what, Stewie?  Get the hell out on that field!  [quietly.]: And if you see that Tyler, take his knee out.  All right, let's do it!  Football game!  Then, reminder, showering at home.  Okay, I guess we'll see who's got the toughest kid here.  Yeah, I guess we will.  Hey!  Oopsie-poopsie!  Aw.  No sleep till     Brooklyn   Foot on the pedal   Never ever false metal   Engine running hotter than a boiling kettle   My job ain't a job, it's a damn good time   City to city, I'm running my rhymes   On location   Touring around the nation   Beastie Boys always on vacation   Itchy trigger finger   But a stable turntable   I do what I do best   Because I'm willing and able   Ain't no faking, your money I'm taking   Going coast to coast to watch all the girlies shaking   While you're at the job working 9:00 to 5:00   The Beastie Boys at the Garden cold kickin' it live     No sleep till   Another plane, another train   Another bottle in the brain   Another girl, Another fight   Another drive all night   Our manager's crazy   He always smokes dust   He's got his own room at the back of the bus   Tour around the world   You rock around the clock, plane to hotel   Girls on the jock   We're trashing hotels like it's going out of style   Good evening, I'm Tom Tucker.  Our top story tonight:  local news anchor too professional  to laugh at penis poked through hole in cue card.  But first, earlier today at city hall,  the mayor honored a hero cop  who has foiled a string of recent crimes.  Good afternoon, we had a budget meeting that ran long,  so I'm gonna eat my lunch  while I hold this press conference.  Ooh, my favorite!  Loose Cobb salad in a lunchbox.  I'm gonna now shake this up  like a lady in your office.  Okay, while the dressing does its magic,  let's honor Officer Joe Swanson,  who single-handedly cut crime in Quahog by 75%.  What? \"Single-handedly\"?  Officer Swanson, as thanks from a grateful city,  please accept this Certificate of Merit.  And with that, I hereby declare this hero cop open!  Whoa, sweet bod.  You lift, bro?  Damn it, I can't believe Joe's hogging all the credit.  That bastard's just getting famous by tricking people.  Like Orson Welles.  So the aliens have come to Earth  to destroy all mankind.  And, uh  they're going to start at McDonald's.  So if you're in line there, you better run.  Whoa, whoa! N-Not the workers, though.  They've already said the workers are safe.  [whistle blows.]  Excuse me, Coach Herar-Herar-ra-ra-ra?  It's Herrera.  Okay, well that's a lot of Rs, but listen,  I-I noticed you're not starting Stewie.  Oh, I can't put him in.  I mean, he can come out for limp handshakes  at the end of the game, but I can't play him. He's too little.  \"Little\"?  Oh, like that car you drive over there?  Let's see if it looks bigger when I throw a Sprite at it.  Well, that's not my car, but I don't care,  I'm just a volunteer.  All right, Griffin, get in there!  Come on, Stewie, give your dog something to post on Facebook!  Something to post on Facebook, let's go.  [whistle blows.]  All right, and nobody's blocking.  [grunts.]  Oh, my God. Stewie!  Are you okay?  Back off! He may have a concussion.  A concussion?  You do me an honor, Lieutenant,  but my dance card is full.  Officer Swanson, as you requested,  here's a big stack of all the cases you cracked.  Oh, great. Now I'm gonna go ahead and brood over a photo  of the girl whose case was the one I couldn't solve.  Your '70s sweater and feathered hair let people know  this is a cold case.  PETER: Well, hello, Officer Swanson.  Peter? What are you doing?  You're not supposed to be here.  I saw you on TV, hogging all the credit for my police work.  Look, I told you, I need you to be a silent partner on this.  The truth is I could get in a lot of trouble.  Oh, I see. You need me to be the bad cop who kicks all the ass  and then I'm supposed to be quiet about it?  Well, my silence is gonna cost you.  What are you saying?  I'm saying you get stuff, I want stuff.  I've seen that evidence locker.  I know you got Discmans in there.  I want a murdered jogger's Discman.  Peter, you know I can't do that.  Yeah? Well, maybe I accidentally reveal  that you're not the hero everyone thinks you are  and that you've been letting your neighbor  do all kinds of cop stuff.  You wouldn't do that, would you?  You bet I would.  And one more thing.  Peter asked me to do this.  He, he said it's something from before.  I, I don't know, I I hope it's funny.  All right, I'm here. But why did you want me to bring this?  I'll tell you why. You're getting all the credit  for my police work, so I want stuff from you.  I want a minute in your house with this shopping cart,  like Supermarket Sweep.  Here, time me.  Peter, you expect me to let you ransack my house?  Well, unless you'd rather I spill the beans to the chief  about who's been doing your dirty work.  Okay, go.  [cabinets opening.]  Aw, sweet, board games!  I'm taking the cannon from your Monopoly!  [Bonnie screams.] Why is Peter in the house?  It's a police matter, Bonnie!  PETER: Hey, how come Kevin's room is locked?  He just wants some privacy!  It's locked from the outside!  Don't open it, Peter!  [door opens, crashing.]  Hi, baby. Hi, baby.  Get out of Susie's room!  [crashing.]  Your stuff sucks. I didn't need the full minute.  Hey, Stewie, how's our little concussion guy?  Oh, my God. Can you, can you see me?  Yeah, I know, I'm fine, I'm fine.  I-Is anybody gonna answer that telephone?  He keeps thinking the phone is ringing, Brian.  Well, at least he's talking again.  I think that means he's getting better.  Is it day or night?  I don't, I don't care, I just want to know.  Lois, answer the bloody phone!  N-No, no! W-we don't need Lois. [chuckles.]  Chris, pretend to answer the phone.  Oh, uh, hello?  Okay. Yes, one second.  Mom, it's for you!  What? No! Damn it, Chris!  Um, um I'll, I'll take that.  Hello, this is Brian Griffin.  Actually, I already receive The New York Times,  and I always enjoy finishing the crossword puzzle.  You're bragging to nobody?  Phone's still ringing.  Crap, Chris, he's worse off than I thought.  We have to do something.  Well, on TV if somebody gets hit on the head,  you hit them a second time and that gets them back to normal.  No, no, Chris. This is very serious.  You see, what a concussion is is the impact of brain matter  on the inside of the skull.  That's why you sometimes hear this nonsense about,  \"Oh, let's just give them better helmets.\"  But you can't make a helmet for the inside  Chris, are you crazy?  Shh. Let's just let him sleep this off.  Look how peaceful he is.  I wonder what's going on in that little head of his.  The world looks mighty good to me   'Cause Tootsie Rolls are all I see   Whatever it is I think I see   Becomes a Tootsie Roll to me!   Joe, is something wrong?  I didn't hear you crying in the shower this morning.  I'm just dealing with some stuff at work.  But everything's going so well.  You've been getting all those commendations  and my online handmade lip balm business is really taking off.  I don't even know what you're talking about.  Well, I'm proud of you.  And you should be proud of yourself.  I want these: rechargeable heated mittens.  Write it down.  Forget it, Peter.  I'm done being blackmailed by you.  Oh, yeah?  Well, fine, but remember,  you're nothing without your muscle.  DISPATCHER: Any available unit,  we have a report of an armed robbery in progress.  Go on, hero cop. You don't need me.  Well, uh, maybe you and I could do one last bust  for old time's sake.  Yes! All right, let's do it. Let's go be heroes.  Like the designated Shriver.  Is there a skeleton with a wig that can drive me home?  I can.  Look at this mess!  Where is the housekeeper?  Well, you already look better.  The doctor should be in any minute.  [baby crying.]  Chris, what the hell?  There is a room where you can go in and just get free people.  Yeah, you should give that back.  Look, I'm really sorry I let you get hurt, Stewie.  I never should've pushed you into that game.  Oh, it's not your fault.  I just have to accept that I'm not a man  and I'm never going to be one.  That's ridiculous. You can't let  what one woman says in a grocery store define who you are.  Mom and Dad said it, too.  I heard it through a vent in the wall.  Hey, knock, knock.  Coach Herrera?  You came to see Stewie?  Yeah, I wanted to check in on this tough little guy.  \"Tough little guy\"?  It takes a real man to take a hit like that.  Feel better, sport.  How about that?  \"Real man.\"  See? I told you, Stewie.  You're a big, tough boy.  Yes, I guess I am.  That may be, Stewie.  But if I were you, I'd stay off the field.  Concussions are the number one problem in football today.  Recent brain scan studies have shown  [band music playing.]  that brain injuries are directly linked to dementia  and suicides in former players!  - [music gets louder.] - Yet the league  You can play the music louder but you can't silence the truth!  [siren wailing, tires screeching.]  Peter, slow down!  No can do, Joe. I'm all hopped up  'cause I Vicks Vapo'd my sack.  [tires screeching.]  I also got some of it in my eyes.  Am I getting them? Am I getting the robbers?  Peter, put the gun down!  On the floor, punks.  Everybody dies.  [screams.]  My already-irritated eyes!  Aw, damn it, Peter!  This is Officer Swanson, I need backup at  PETER: Ow! They're beating me with vaping accessories!  Forget it, there's no time.  Freeze, police!  Too late, Joe. I already identify with my captors.  Don't hurt Max and Ken.  [gunshots.]  Holy crap, Joe. That was freaking amazing!  You kicked their ass!  You're right, I guess I did.  And without my help.  See, this is the Joe I remember.  You know, maybe you had it in you all along.  Wow. I guess I just got ground down by years  of people treating me like an errand boy,  and I just let them walk all over me.  You know, you were a real pain in the butt as a partner,  but you helped me find myself again.  Thanks, Peter.  You're welcome, Joe.  Excuse me, do you have any Tab soda I can bring back  to the sex dungeon where I've been held captive for decades?  Ma'am, this is a crime scene.  I'm gonna have to ask you to move along.  You're right, Peter. I'm a pretty good cop.   TV ANNOUNCER: Is Netflix Streaming  the right choice for you?  Well, if you like movies in HD,  then frozen pixels, then HD again,  the answer is \"yes.\"  And if you love the golden year of movies, 2003,  then we might have some of what you're looking for.  Netflix Streaming: buffer for 20 minutes,  then watch 35 minutes of a movie with Jason Statham.  Oh, look what came,  the free DVD from my PBS pledge.  Whatever it is, we're not watching it.  Peter, trust me,  you of all people could really learn something from this.  It's a documentary about the food industry called,  Food Kills.  Huh. Says here that Colon Health Magazine  gave it two thumbs in.  (SOMBER MUSIC PLAYS)  Hi, I'm Matt Lauer's cousin, Stephen McCormick.  Our moms are sisters.  America is gorging itself on processed food,  creating an obesity epidemic.  We've abandoned natural foods  for chemicals, additives and refined sugars.  At this rate, this is what the future will look like.  Those are flying cars,  but the people in them are too fat.  Oh, no, I left my baby in there.  Without drastic changes in our diet,  Americans are headed for a health catastrophe.  For more, go to our website at  \"double-u double-u double-u dot PBS dot com.\"  That's \"www\" dot,  the word \"double-u\" three times,  the word \"dot,\" \"PBS,\"  the word \"dot\" again,  the word \"com,\" dot com.  There was a miscommunication when we registered our website.  Well, that's it, from now on,  we're eating healthy around here.  We're gonna feel better and we're gonna look better.  Well, looking better doesn't always solve your problems, Lois.  It sure didn't work for Droopy Dog when he got that facelift.  Contrary to my appearance, I'm still not happy.  Please study my brain so that others don't suffer as I have.  (SAD TRUMPET MELODY)  Thanks for coming to my birthday party, you guys.  And Esther, I'm so sorry you ripped your perineum  doing the Hokey Pokey.  That's okay, I got free curly fries.  Okay, let's see what Meg got me.  A crock pot?  Things about to get crazy!  You can cook a pork tenderloin under your bed.  Excuse me, girls.  We're about to start roller derby in a minute.  Wait, wait.  You. What's your name?  Me? Meg Griffin.  Would you mind standing up?  Whoa! What-what-what are you doing?  My God.  The magic ratio.  What's that?  It means your ankles, calves, and thighs  are all the same thickness.  How would you like to try out for the roller derby team?  Really?  - Do it, Meg. - Yeah, Meg. You should totally do it.  Meg's talking to a boy!  Okay, sure. What the heck?  Here. Take my card.  \"I am a registered sex offender.\"  Flip it over.  \"IMPORTANT: see other side.\"  Give me that.  I'm the roller derby coach.  See you at tryouts.  I can't believe it, you guys.  This is the biggest surprise  since the last M. Night Shyamalan movie.  Two tickets for the M. Night Shyamalan movie.  Wow. Really?  Hope you guys are ready for a healthy dinner.  I went to Whole Foods today and got this recipe  from an extremely thin man with a giant Adam's apple.  I hate that place.  None of the cereals are advertised on TV.  What's this stuff that looks like sand?  It's quinoa.  Nope, I don't eat foods that sound like karate words.  Well, according to Food Kills, quinoa is a superfood.  It's very nutritious, and it even helps keep you regular.  Lois, I have a system  I poop once a week for an hour and a half.  I wear a headband and it's soaked when I'm all done.  Mm.  Wow, Lois, you know, this is actually pretty good.  Peter, you should try it.  Ugh. Fine.  (GAGGING)  Peter, knock it off.  I can't help it!  My body's rejecting it!  (DANCE MUSIC IN THE BACKGROUND) Name?  Quinoa.  Mm-hmm.  Sorry, sir, we're full.  Come on in, gummy bears!  Oh, you are looking fine tonight.  Mm!  Thanks again for coming and supporting me, Chris.  No problem. And I'm gonna take some pictures  of the other athletes, if you don't mind.  You might not know this about me,  but I am a bit of a shutterbug.  Okay, that's-that's all okay.  All right, ladies, line up.  How about we start with some warm-ups?  Bend down and touch your toes.  (CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKING RAPIDLY)  CHRIS: \"Memory card full\"?  Come on!  Okay, now, last year we were tricked  by a couch on a dolly with wheels,  so if any of you is a couch on a dolly with wheels,  I'm gonna ask you to please leave now.  Well, we need five for a team  and there's five of you here,  so congratulations.  Wow! This is awesome!  I can't believe I'm a Quahog Thug!  When do we start skating?  Here, look at the schedule.  This is just a list of Sexaholic Anonymous meetings.  Flip it over.  It says, \"Remember to attend your meetings.\"  I'm gonna stop handing you stuff.  (GROANING)  It's the middle of the night.  Where are you going?  I'm sick of all this healthy crap.  I'm going downstairs to find something good to eat.  And then I'm gonna fall asleep watching transvaginal mesh  lawsuit commercials.  There's nothing.  Thank you, son.  What's going on, man, are you pregnant?  No, my wife watched that food documentary.  And you should never ask that unless you're sure, by the way.  Aw, yeah, peanut-butter-cup- Dorito-sausage-car panini.  And let's crack a Cadbury Egg over the whole thing.  (SIZZLING) Just gonna use my spare glove-compartment-underwear  as a napkin.  I can't believe Randy Quaid gets to eat like this every day.  Peter? Is that you?  Cleveland?  Are you cooking in your car?  I am.  Is this because of Food Kills?  Oh, you saw that movie too, huh?  We watched Tyler Perry's Food Kills,  which is the same movie except it stars  black folks you've never heard of  and white folks you don't hear from anymore.  But, yeah, now Donna is forcing me to eat healthy.  I always get confused, is Donna the wife,  or is Roberta the wife?  I don't know, man, can I have some of that sandwich?  Oh, our hands just touched.  Mm.  Wow, Peter. That's good.  That's real good.  I'm not sure what we're doing now.  MAN: Excuse me,  whatever you've got in there smells incredible.  Man, my wife won't let me eat any of that stuff.  Tell you what, I'll give you ten bucks for that thing.  Yeah, me, too.  Wow.  Huh, if I sell two sandwiches for $10 each,  that equals  (WOMAN VOCALIZING)  money.  Peter, you just made $20 from two sandwiches.  Wow, you're right.  Hey, maybe I could turn this into a business.  You know, selling sandwiches from a car.  Wonder how much I could make.  (WOMAN VOCALIZING)  Mad world   Whoops, I stopped thinking about math  and started thinking about baby-man Billy Corgan  being sad at Disneyland.  (PETER'S LAUGH TO MELODY OF \"LA CUCARACHA\")  Peter, what the hell is this?  This, Lois, is my new food truck,  specializing in all the delicious, unhealthy foods  that you won't let me eat.  'Cause you don't let me eat what I want to eat  and that and, uh, I am super dizzy  and there might be a gas leak in this thing.  (PETER'S LAUGH TO MELODY OF \"DIXIE\")  I can't believe you'd buy a food truck.  What are you even selling?  First of all, believe it, baby.  Second, uh, mostly hamburgers where the buns is jelly donuts.  And drinks where hot dogs is the straws.  (SLURPING) Mm.  Another milkshake, please.  Look, I'm happy for the business,  but drinking that on your knees is  it's putting a hat on a hat.  Look at this food. It's gross and unhealthy.  It's exactly the stuff I'm trying to get you not to eat.  Yeah, but people like this food. It makes them happy.  I mean, you can eat sprouts and vegan crap your entire life  and still get devoured by Gremlins  and-and-and none of it matters.  So you're saying you shouldn't take care of yourself  because you might get devoured by Gremlins?  Get a clue, mama.  Think of what you're doing to your body, Peter.  Oh, there we go.  You think I'm overweight.  I know you're overweight.  Hey, yeah, I'll have the, uh, Swedish Fish Tacos.  You want the can of chili dumped on top or on the side?  What does the chef recommend?  Me? I like to squeeze the can so hard  the chili flies into my mouth like Popeye.  Do it up.  You got it. Let me put on my bandana,  fire up my very loud \"what\" generator, and get cooking.  (GENERATOR RUNNING LOUDLY)  Peter, this isn't over!  What?!  Ladies and gentlemen,  welcome to the first bout of the season,  the Quahog Thugs versus the Medford Dump Cakes.  This season we're brought to you by Barry's Note Cards.  \"When you need to remind yourself of the sponsor,  use Barry's Note Cards.\"  (WHISTLE BLOWS)  (MEG GASPS)  (MEG GRUNTING)  Nice move, Griffin.  Way to go, Meg!  ANNOUNCER: Wow, newcomer Meg Griffin  is lighting up the track with some amazing moves.  \"Amazing\"? Damn right, amazing.  Make some noise  if you're mixing prescription drugs with alcohol!  (CHEERING)  Wow. This is a lot more physical than I thought.  My favorite part of a woman's body is haunches.  And this is all haunch, baby.  (GRUNTS)  Meg!  Boy, that was rough.  This sport's even more dangerous than skeet shooting.  Pull!  I got in the wrong line!  That'll be $16.  $16? That's expensive.  Yes, sir. Everything's very expensive  because you're paying for it on an iPad.  Now, if you'll just select a gratuity.  Options are 60%, 90%, and 200%.  Uh, I guess 60%.  Okay, great.  And just sign by dragging your bare finger  across this thing I use to masturbate.  Uh, okay.  Thank you, please make sure  to bang your head on that low-hanging thing.  What are you (SHOUTS)  Oh, you spilled something. You want a napkin?  Yes, please.  All right, here's 40, blown by the wind.  (PANTING)  Oh, Chris, I'm glad you're here.  Swing that lamp at me.  But you'll get hurt.  No, I won't.  I'm gonna dodge it.  (SHOUTS)  Oh, my God, are you okay?  Yeah, I'm fine.  This roller derby's really toughened me up.  I got to say, I've-I've never felt better.  Really?  'Cause I watched how rough it was out there the other day,  and I got a little worried for you.  I mean, all it would take is one bad hit  to do permanent damage.  I think you should quit.  What? No.  No, I-I love roller derby.  It's the first thing I'm really good at.  Plus, I love making other women bleed.  But you know, in ways besides the way,  you know, they normally bleed.  STEWIE: She means periods.  Yeah, I got it, Stewie, but I'm telling you, Meg,  something bad is going to happen.  Like when you give a young athlete too much money.  I, I got to murder somebody.  Peter, kids, dinner!  Kids? Peter?  It's time for a healthy, veggie dinner!  Come on, I spent the whole day  making the house smell like farts.  Where the hell is everybody?  All right, I got a bowl of cereal  that's M&M's and Dr. Pepper?  Over here.  Chris, put that down.  You kids get in the house  and eat the healthy dinner I prepared,  and Peter, you, too.  Shut down that truck and get inside.  Lois, I already told you.  I don't want to eat your garbage food. All right?  Now can you go inside and get me some Pop Rocks?  I'm making a paella.  You know what? Enough of this nonsense.  You love this truck so much, stay in it,  'cause I don't want you or your food in the house.  Fine. I love this truck.  I got everything I need in here.  Maybe I'll just live here.  I can imagine it now.  (WOMAN VOCALIZING)  Living in America   Whoops. I stopped thinking about the truck  and started thinking about Amazon woman  Brigitte Nielsen drunk in a Burbank park.  (BIRDS SINGING)  (SNORING)  (ALARM BEEPING)  All right, time to greet the day.  Are you living in a truck?  Not bad. I see you got a Hooters calendar in here.  How do you get anything done  with those rocking knockers staring at you?  Hey, who says I get anything done?  Guy talk, guy talk. Yeah, guy talk.  (CHUCKLES) Guy talk. This is how guys talk.  Oh, Peter, this is awful.  Well, I love it.  And I'm not going back in that house  and listen to Lois tell me how fat and unhealthy I am.  You do look like you've put on a few.  Your elbows are starting to pucker.  Yeah, I mean, are you really happy in here?  You bet I am.  I'm happier than a squash on Halloween.  Dad, are they coming to take us away, too?  No, son, we're fine.  How about on Thanksgiving?  You know what, just enjoy the month.  (GRUNTING)  You're going down, Griffin, like my stepfather's pants!  I guess I see where some of your anger comes from.  (GRUNTS)  Oh, no. This is bad.  That's it. I have to do something.  Chris, what are you doing?  Saving my (SHOUTS)  (GROANING)  Oh, my God. Chris, are you okay?  I don't think so. I'm hurt pretty bad,  like that time I was running with scissors.  (LAUGHING)  You run like a girl.  Run like a man, you get a suit.  Here you go. And if you'd like to put your e-mail  on our sign-up list,  I'd be happy to sell it to Russian hackers.  Peter, Peter, it's happening.  What? The Bing Maps car.  It's three blocks down and it's coming this way.  Holy crap. This is the day we've been waiting for.  We said we're gonna stand in our front yards  and wave as it goes by so we're on the street view.  We're gonna be on the Internet.  Mort just called. It went by his house.  Everybody, places! Start waving.  This is not a drill!  (GRUNTS)  Damn it. I can't fit through the door.  I'm stuck in the truck.  - What? What are you talking about? - (GRUNTING)  I knew this would happen. You're too fat to get out.  I see it. I see the Bing car.  Oh, my God, Bing! Bing! Over here! Bing!  They can't see you, Peter.  You're facing away from the street.  Stop talking, Quagmire. Just smile.  This is amazing.  Crap. Is it gone?  The driver nodded at me.  I I think I'm gonna cry.  Damn it. I can't believe I missed it.  Jeez, I hope I don't end up stuck in here  like Winnie the Pooh.  Uh, Rabbit?  Perhaps you should push with your shoulder and not your fist?  RABBIT: Don't worry about it.  Hey, did that big \"boomba boomba\" nurse come in here?  Uh, no.  But Dr. Hartman, is my brother gonna be okay?  (WHISPERING): That's her. That's her.  (VOICE BREAKING): Hi, Juanita.  Hello, Doctor.  Was that weird? Was I just weird?  Kind of.  You don't know. I was fine.  Oh, Chris, I'm so sorry you got hurt like this.  Roller derby was the best thing that ever happened to me.  I finally felt like I was good at something, I made friends  but seeing you like this, I realize you were right.  It's too dangerous. So I'm going to quit.  No, Meg. I got hurt because I didn't belong out there,  but you do.  I watched you skate.  You found your calling and I believe in you.  Now get back to that rink and help your team  win the championship it deserves.  Really? I will. Thanks, Chris.  MORGAN FREEMAN: With the spirit in her heart renewed,  Meg returned to the roller derby arena.  I think she did all right,  but no one will know for sure because halfway through  everyone stopped to watch some fat kid  who was killing it on Dance Dance Revolution.  (CHUCKLES)  Dance, you fat bitch.  So tonight, we say to the yellow-billed marsh finch  you're extinct.  But, right now, we're getting word of breaking news.  We go live to Tricia Takanawa with details.  - Tricia? - Tom, I'm standing here  outside a Spooner Street home,  where a local business owner has apparently eaten himself  into his own food truck.  Oh. It appears they've finally removed the roof.  Nobody look. This is a private, gross matter.  Mr. Griffin, is this performance art  or, uh, some sort of political statement?  Well, I'm kind of ticked about condoms in porn,  but this is unrelated.  Oh, hey, Lois. I guess you must be happy.  Yeah, it's every girl's dream to have her husband hoisted  out of a food truck in a horse harness.  No, look, I-I'm just saying, you were right.  I'm a big tub of lard,  and you have every reason to be ashamed of me.  Ashamed of you?  I-Is that really what you think?  Well, yeah, you kept saying how overweight I am.  Peter, don't you get it?  I only wanted you to eat healthy because I love you,  and I'm concerned about your health.  I want you around for as long as I'm around.  Really? Well, I love you, too, Lois.  I'm sorry I was such a jerk.  I guess I could do without eating so much junk,  but I could never do without you.  Oh, Peter.  Ma'am, please step back.  We have to wash him with a hose.  Guys, look! Look! The Bing car is back.  No. I'm not ready! I'm not ready!  MORGAN FREEMAN: Inspired by his love for Lois,  Peter had steamed vegetables and brown rice that evening,  then ate like crap for the rest of his life.  Nonetheless, he was immortalized on Bing Maps.  (LAUGHS)  Fat people are amusing to me.  Hang there, you fat bitch.   Hey, guys, I didn't know you were coming to the church raffle.  I will confess a mix-up to you.  I thought Donna said we were going to the \"church waffle.\"  And we're only here for the fantasy weekend at Fenway Park.  Fenway Park?  Oh, yeah, the winner and a friend get to hang out  and practice with retired Red Sox players  and then play in a real game, right on the field at Fenway.  Oh, my God, that's always been a dream of mine!  Well, that and tuning a guitar in front of a live audience.  (GUITAR TUNING)  (STRUMS DISCORDANT NOTES)  This was in perfect tune when they handed it to me.  Next up, our fantasy weekend for two at Fenway Park.  Oh, man, this is it!  And the winner is  Peter Griffin!  Holy crap, I won!  - Wow, good for you! - Congratulations!  I like it when people say your name out loud!  How exciting, Peter.  A weekend trip to Boston.  Yeah, and the best part is,  I don't even have to get on a plane.  I always have trouble at the airport.  Sir, you're not allowed to be on the carousel.  Well, then maybe you shouldn't have named it such a fun word.  Uh, excuse me, excuse me, I'm not yours.  He's stealing me! I'm being stolen!  Excuse me, I think you've got mine.  Oh, that's a good idea.  (KNOCKS ON DOOR)  - Oh, hey, Quagmire. - Hey, Peter.  So I was just baking a coffee cake,  and I figured I'd bring it over,  'cause you like coffee cake.  Wow, thanks.  Yeah, yeah, no problem.  - So, who are you taking to Fenway? - What?  Well, I was just thinking, you have that extra ticket,  - maybe you'd want to - Peter, before you answer him,  I've got that murdered jogger's Discman you wanted last week.  Still bloody.  Hi, Peter. You know how you like $40 cash?  Well, here's almost $40 cash.  Guys, look, I know you all want to go,  but I-I need a little more time to figure this out.  I mean, it's a tough decision.  Like what to do with that big watermelon I bought.  Griffin, I just wanted to tell you  that's a great outfit.  Keep it up.  I knew it.  I have to start trusting myself more.  Man, I don't envy you.  Whichever one of them you bring to Fenway,  the other two will be mad at you.  I don't want to bring any of them.  Those guys are all way better than me at baseball.  They'd just show me up and ruin it for me.  Why don't you bring Lois?  She doesn't care about baseball,  and that way nobody gets their feelings hurt.  Brian, that's a great idea.  Thanks.  - Is it new-tennis-ball great? - It's three-new-tennis-balls great.  I'm gonna get 'em all, I'm gonna get 'em all,  I'm gonna get 'em all!  (CAN HISSES)  (EXCITED WHIMPERS)  Mom, you're really going to Boston?  I didn't even think you liked baseball.  Oh, I'm not going for baseball,  I-I'm going for shopping, the hotel spa,  and two days of being away  from you life-sucking turds.  Anyway, be good.  And while we're gone, Brian's in charge.  Where is Brian?  What's up, bitches?  Oh, come on, Mom, really?  I'm in high school,  and you're still putting the dog in charge?  Believe me, Meg, you want me in charge.  Stewie can be a bit of a handful.  He's right, you know.  I'm a total Taurus, stubborn as they come.  All right, fine, Meg.  While we're away, you can be in charge.  Come on, Lois, time to get to Fenway.  Wow, Dad, you look awesome.  But I thought you were gonna dress like a baseball player.  I am, Chris.  I'm the type of player who arrives at the stadium in a suit.  With a tie knot as big as an apple.  That's how you know I got mon-ay.  All right, we'll see you guys Sunday.  Okay, now you heard Mom say I'm in charge,  so I just want to lay a few ground rules.  Yeah.  I promise we're gonna have fun,  - but there will be a schedule just - Uh-huh.  - To keep everything running smoothly. - Sure, got to have boundaries.  - And I may assign a chore or two - That's great, Meg.  - Because it's actually more fun - Sounds like you got it all worked out.  - When everyone pitches in. - Hey, by the way  Ah!  I'm gonna flush your retainer down the toilet.    (INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS)  Look at this, Lois, the Fenway Park locker room.  All right, Peter, I'm gonna go.  You want to hand me some cash in front of the other men  so you feel powerful?  Instead, why don't you just take my Minions Discover Card?  Hey, there, sluggers.  Welcome to Red Sox Fantasy Weekend.  Well, who's this?  We've never had a lady come out for this before.  Oh, no, no, that's my wife, she's just dropping me off.  Yeah, you're nice, but I'm not staying.  I don't know the first thing about baseball.  Look, your spot's already paid for.  And besides, if you leave, the teams will be lopsided.  So, as your coach, I insist you stay and play with us.  Right, fellas?  (ALL YELL IN AGREEMENT)  Well, I don't know.  What do you think, Peter?  What do I think about sharing fantasy baseball camp  with my wife?  Yeah, come on, let her play.  Wow, 1980s All-Star Wade Boggs!  Hey, would you mind standing next to a star of today?  Sure.  Man, what happened to our game?  David Ortiz, will you pick him up like a baby?  It's your weekend.  (LAUGHS)  Now let me put this baby bonnet on his head  and a cigar in his mouth.  So, what do you say?  Are you gonna let your wife play?  Absolutely.  Lois, stay here and play with us.  I can't say no to Baby Boggs.  Coochie-coochie-coo Ah, he bit me.    Oh, my God, I can't believe I'm here.  Lois, see that wall there?  They call that \"the Green Monster.\"  And over there's where I threw a D-cell battery at José Canseco.  All right, let's play ball.  Wow, you must be excited, Peter.  Yep, guess I can cross this one off my bucket list.  All that's left now is living the pueblo lifestyle.  Peter, what the hell did you do to the house?  I know, it seems pretty lame until you realize I'm 58.  Now, if you'll excuse me, I have to go lick the foot  of a fleshy, pale woman for Real Sex 34.  Rupert, what do you think of this fan fiction I wrote?  \"Diego pressed Dora against the wall,  her bosom heaving,  her hot Latina breath on his face.  For once, Diego was going to do the exploring.\"  Whew, just reading it  muy caliente.  Okay, Stewie, time for you to get dressed.  Yeah, a closed door means \"come in,\" I guess.  What the hell do you think you're doing?  Let's pick out a cute shirt for you.  Then I thought we can go to the park.  Or, how about this?  I press my butt against the wall and dook on it?  (GASPS) Stewie!  Don't do that!  You're messing with my schedule,  so I'm giving you wall poo.  Stop that right now.  You just earned a time-out.  A what? Let go of me!  Don't you walk away!  Hey, don't bruise me, I'm going dancing later.  You listen to me, you little monster,  I take abuse from everybody around here,  but I am not gonna take it from you.  Now sit here until I say you can get up.  And if you move one muscle before then,  I'll smack you in your weird head.  Hey, it's not weird.  Mom says it's distinctive.  COACH: Griffin, you're up.  It's always the fat one.  I heard that.  I said it right to you.  You know what?  Let's just get Lois up to bat.  Where's Lois?  I'm right here, Coach. (CHUCKLES)  Guess you don't have a lot of babes out here.  Except for Babe Ruth.  (LAUGHS)  - Babe Ruth. - Ha!  That's funny 'cause she's hot.  (PLAYERS CHEER)  Ah, it's a little like tennis.  Uh, did you see that, Peter?  I'm doing it all!  Damn it. This is supposed to be my weekend.  (PLAYERS LAUGH)  (SOBBING)  Stewie?  What the hell's going on?  Meg's awful!  She gave me a time-out and she made me sit in this chair.  My God, she put eye shadow on you, too.  I might've gotten up from the chair.  Brian, Meg's lost her mind.  You've got to talk to her.  Stewie, Lois put Meg in charge,  and, honestly, once I knew that,  I ate a pot cookie.  So, um, yeah.  So good luck with all that.  Uh, you got any cool DVDs?  Brian, please, I need help.  (CHUCKLES) Totally.  Hey, where's Chris?  I wonder if he'll play Wii bowling with me.  All right, that's it, I'm not just gonna sit here  and see what that psycho does next.  All right, think.  Ah!  I shall fashion a makeshift ladder  with my Diaper Genie entrails, shimmy down to the yard,  and I'm free.  The trick, Chris, is thinking of the wand  as an extension of your arm.  Wow, I can't believe I'm pretend bowling  with a dog on drugs!  STEWIE: Ah! Son of a bitch!  (TIRES SCREECH)  WOMAN: Oh, my God, a baby!  My name's Shelly.  I can't have any of my own.  Would you like to come home with me?  I love you so much.  STEWIE: Ah! Everywhere's a nightmare!  (LAUGHS)  Wow, it's nice they put on a banquet for you.  It looks like I'm the only woman here.  Yeah, they're ex-athletes,  which means they're all divorced.  In fact, their ex-wives are having a banquet next door  with their money.  And you want some of this dirty   Oh, they're having fun.  They're doing a lot of pointing dancing.  Baby, I got your money, don't you worry.   Well, at least somebody's having fun here tonight.  Oh, you're just nervous about the big game tomorrow.  I-Is it 'cause of how pink you turn when you run?  A couple guys mentioned that today on the field.  What? Who said that?  I don't know, \"N-Nomar\" something.  You met Nomar?!  Hey, there you are.  We've been saving a spot at the head table for you  with all the Hall-of-Famers.  Oh, thanks.  Finally something's going my way.  - Where should I - Not you. Lois.  What?  (ORGAN PLAYS \"CHARGE\" RIFF WEAKLY)  This is the one night of the year  they let me out of the scoreboard.  Oh, I don't know if I deserve to sit at the head table.  No, no, we took a vote.  We all want to sit next to you.  You're the only one here who doesn't have  a fistful of baseball cards for us to sign.  I wasn't gonna have 'em sign 'em.  I was just gonna tell 'em their stats.  But this is Peter's weekend.  Aw, don't worry about Peter.  Now, come on, Lois, we've got you sitting  right between Pedro Martinez  and Ted Williams' severed head.  There's a special place in hell  for whoever's responsible for me ending up like this.  Hey, Meg, is anybody gonna eat this grilled cheese?  No, don't eat that. That's Stewie's lunch.  (GASPS) Oh, my God, Stewie!  I forgot, he's been in a time-out for six hours.  Stewie? Oh, no, where is he?  He's gone I'm gonna be in so much trouble.  I tried to tell you, watching Stewie wasn't easy.  Oh Aw, man, this is terrible.  Stewie could be anywhere.  (SHIVERING BREATHS)  (ALL GASPING)  Sorry, I forgot my jacket.  Okay, everybody, we're gonna do some double-play drills.  Oh, yeah, a little infield.  Let's flash some leather, huh, guys?  Who wants to play second?  I will.  Lois, why don't you take second?  How could he not see that?  I even held up my arm with my other hand.  That is the most noticeable way  to raise your hand.  Okay, Griffin, you go out there  and be the base runner.  All right, Peter, show 'em what you got.  Okay, Lois, catch the ball,  and if your foot comes off the bag,  just tag Peter on any part of his body.  How could I miss, right?  It'll be like tagging a barn.  (LAUGHTER)  Sorry, Peter, that's baseball.  I'll show you baseball, you sexually unsatisfied wife!  Oh.  (GROANING)  Yeah! Now, that's a big-league slide, huh, coach?  (GROANING): Damn it!  I think it's broken.  Griffin, what are you, an idiot?  Yeah, an idiot who's gonna show up  on SportsCenter tonight.  Coming up after the break,  we'll have highlights of the playoff game between  PETER: Streaking. Unrelated.  Yep, her leg is fractured.  We should get her to the hospital.  My only medical training is to say \"Walk it off.\"  - Can you walk it off? - No!  Oh, well, that's not good.  Okay, I'm gonna go fake-use the phone in the dugout.  Peter, what the hell got into you?  Nothing. I was just trying to play hard, like Pete Rose.  Look, I can even do the Pete Rose haircut.  I bet you a thousand bucks I have a drinking problem.  Guys, we got to get that leg set.  I guess I should ride in the ambulance.  You think I'll be back in time for the game?  What? You're not playing in the game.  It's supposed to be a fun day out here,  and you go nuts and break your wife's leg.  It's not my fault, I'm all hopped up  on hard baseball card gum.  Mmm, it's like eating a MasterCard.  Let's get her out of here.  And you, you're done.  Clean out your locker!  Kicked out? I'm totally screwed.  Like those poor guys who had to come up  with a new ad campaign for Subway.  Hey, I'm Mike.  I like sandwiches and people my own age.  ANNOUNCER: Subway please don't think of pedophilia.  You know what I'm getting sick of saying?  \"My husband did this to me, but it's not what you think.\"  Please forgive me, Lois. I'm so stupid.  The reason I didn't bring my friends is  'cause I didn't want 'em hogging the spotlight.  And then when I saw everyone giving you all that attention,  I-I guess I kind of lost it.  You did a little.  But of course I forgive you.  I just don't understand why you went so crazy.  Well, ever since I was little,  I was always the fat, uncoordinated kid  that nobody wanted on their team.  And I was excited that for one weekend,  if I could just step on that field  and get a hit at Fenway Park,  I could erase all that and feel like a champ  for the first time in my life.  But I'm not a champ, I'm a fat loser.  No wonder nobody ever picked me.  I picked you, Peter.  And to me and our kids, you will always be a winner.  Thanks, Lois.  And you know what? If that's true,  I don't need to play in some stupid  fantasy baseball game.  Well, guess what.  You're gonna play in that game,  and you're gonna get that hit.  And when you do, we're all gonna be there  to cheer you on.  Really? Well, how's that gonna happen?  Peter, these guys have been sexually harassing me  since the second I got here.  Either you play, or every one of these Red Sox  are going to jail Even Ted Williams.  Mmm, new meat.  I think we're gonna get along just fine.  This is the number-one fear  of only being a head.  Brian, do you always listen to the Sirius XM preview station?  Yeah, I'm thinking about pulling the trigger,  but they make you sign, like, a two-year  Guys, who cares about your dumb radio?!  We can't find Stewie anywhere.  (PHONE RINGS)  Hello. Oh, hi, Mom.  Hi, honey. How you doing?  How's Stewie?  Oh, he's great. Not lost or anything.  How's fantasy camp going?  Uh, your father broke my leg out of jealousy,  but that didn't ruin our honeymoon,  and it's not gonna ruin this.  So listen, I want all you guys  to drive up to Boston this afternoon  to see your father play in the big game.  Uh, wow, we'd love to  Mom, but we promised Stewie  we'd perform a puppet show for him later today.  Oh, you can perform it for all of us up here in Boston.  The game's in two hours.  Drive safely.  Crap! Now we got to find Stewie and write a puppet show.  We could repurpose my one-act farce.  Or we could write something fresh.  Look, just because it's already been written  doesn't mean it's not fresh.  What did I just say? Shut up!  We're in trouble. I'm in trouble.  Hey, what's this, a dickweed convention?  Stewie!  Oh, thank God you're home!  Where the hell have you been?  As far away from her as possible.  I forgot her name, honestly.  - Who, Meg? - Yes, yes, Meg. She's scary and mean,  and I don't ever want her to be in charge of me.  Are you afraid of me, little guy?  Oh, Stewie, I'm really sorry I left you in that time-out.  I love you very much, and I'm so happy you're home.  You're my little brother.  Can you forgive me?  Well all right.    (TAPPING ON WINDOW)  Can I have your baby?  Don't let her in!  We're all proud of you, Peter.  N-Now, don't be nervous.  I ain't nervous, Lois I'm just sweating  'cause I was too embarrassed to get nude in the locker room,  so I'm wearing all this over long pajamas.  P.A. ANNOUNCER: Ladies and gentlemen, now batting  for the Boston Red Sox, Peter Griffin!  (ROUSING ORCHESTRAL MUSIC PLAYING)    (GRUNTS)  (MUSIC STOPS)  Fair ball! Run, Peter! Run it out!  (COMPUTER BEEPING, PHONE RINGS)  Peter's Brain.  Yeah, uh, this is the Muscle Department.  What the hell is he doing?  Uh, apparently, he's trying to sprint.  Sprint? He got winded walking to the plate.  And he's been out in the blazing sun for two days.  Has he had any water?  No. He told his wife there's juices in the hot dogs.  Well, I'm sorry, I got no choice  but to call for a complete muscle failure.  (ALARM BLARING)  (GASPING)  Look! Dad's planking,  from, like, eight years ago!  Is there a Neiman Marcus in Boston?  Peter! Get up! Get up and run!  - Run, Peter! - Come on, Dad!  - We love you! - Copley Place. How far is that?  (ROUSING ORCHESTRAL MUSIC RESUMES)  PETER: I ran like a champion that day, pushing through the pain  of two torn hamstrings and a ruptured groin,  to leg out the hit at Fenway Park  I had always dreamed of.  But nobody noticed, 'cause the account manager from B of A  who was playing third base had a massive coronary  trying to field my crappy little nubber.  The hit was amazing, but what made it even better  was that my family was there to share the moment with me.  And on the car ride home, they put on a puppet show  that made me laugh so hard I crashed into a tollbooth  on the Mass Pike, totaling the car  and breaking Lois's other leg.  The casts kind of smell,  so I won't let her sleep in the bedroom till they're off.  But that's baseball.   TV ANNOUNCER: We now return to Sesame Street, now on HBO.  (CHEWING NOISILY)  Oh, hi, you guys. How was school?  Honestly, Mom, today was kind of weird.  Every kid in school had to write a list  of five reasons Principal Shepherd is cool  and then have their parents sign it.  What? That seems crazy.  One time, I saw him pee in a urinal  with his hands on his hips.  That's pretty boss.  Why would the principal make all the students do that?  I don't know.  I think he's going through a tough time.  He's in the middle of a bad divorce.  What? How do you know that?  He's actually been pretty open about it.  PRINCIPAL SHEPHERD: Good morning, students.  Today at 3:30,  James Woods High will be hosting a cross-country meet,  which also happens to be where Lorraine  has threatened to take my children, across the country.  And here's today's \"Tuesday Trivia\" question:  Does this sound like yelling?  Because, apparently, this sounds  to some people like yelling.  All right, finally some peace and quiet,  so I can buckle down and get some writing done.  (DRUMS PLAYING OFFBEAT)  - JOE: Hey, Bonnie! - BONNIE: What?  JOE: Listen to this. Say, \"It's all been a pack of lies.\"  BONNIE: What? Why?  JOE: Just do it! Just say, \"It's all been a pack of lies.\"  BONNIE: \"It's all been a pack of lies.\"  (DRUM BREAKDOWN FROM \"IN THE AIR TONIGHT\" PLAYS)  BONNIE: That sounded really good.  JOE: Thanks, babe. Hey, you know what that song's about?  Phil Collins watching some guy watch another guy drown.  And then, the next night, he invited the watching guy  to be in the front row of his concert  so he could sing it right to him and they could arrest the guy!  BONNIE: Really? Why wouldn't he have just  helped the guy who was drowning?  JOE: I don't know, I think he was on a bridge or something.  Like, he could see it, but he couldn't get there in time.  BONNIE: But he let a whole day pass?  Why didn't he call the cops?  JOE: 'Cause he was busy writing the song!  BONNIE: Wait, if he just watched,  doesn't that also make him a little guilty?  JOE: Look, I'm not saying we wouldn't bring Phil Collins  in for questioning.  BONNIE: I feel like maybe this story is bogus.  JOE: Hang on, let me check Snopes.  Yeah, none of that happened.  (GROANS)  Hey. What's up?  (SIGHS) Well, I'm trying to work on a sequel  to The Old Man and the Sea.  Are you, are you allowed to do that?  But I can't get anything done. It's so damn loud around here.  Oh, yeah, that's what Hemingway used to complain about.  \"This Spanish Civil War is just too loud.  How am I supposed to get anything done?\"  No, I mean, it might sound silly,  but I used to daydream that by now  I'd have my own place by a lake somewhere,  an oasis where I could go to write.  Pay the bills by renting out the rooms.  Oh, like a B and B? That could be fun.  What? What are you talking about?  I'm talking about you and me opening a B and B.  Are you serious? That'd be great!  Sure. It'll be fun.  All right, let's give it a try.  Can't be any worse than when I was on the Night's Watch.  Hey, guys, you all want to say the oath again?  (GROANS)  - For the watch. - (GROANS)  - For the watch. - (GRUNTS)  - For the watch. - (GROANS)  - Hi, Brian. - (GRUNTS)  I'm the boring storyline  of the fat guy that's watching that girl.  And I'm Ballers.  Ow! (CRYING)  I totally get it. You're right to do this.  Well, well, if it isn't Meg Griffin.  Leave me alone, you guys.  Relax. We're taking the day off from bullying.  Oh, thank God.  Very funny. Who put the Ark of the Covenant in here?  (LAUGHTER)  Meg is so stupid.  She couldn't handle the glory of God's love.  Students, faculty and staff of James Woods High,  does anyone know how to push down  the backseat of a Highlander?  I know I can make a bed in there, I just don't know how.  Oh, my God, Principal Shepherd, what's wrong?  I just listened to two hours of butt-dialed sex  between my wife and the ADT alarm guy.  Why didn't you just hang up?  (VOICE BREAKING): Because I miss the sound of her voice.  (SOBBING): Oh, my God!  SCHOOL SECRETARY (OVER P.A.): Principal Shepherd,  your wife is on the line.  She says, \"Uh, uh, oh, God, harder.\"  Man, I still can't get over how perfect this place is.  I know, it's going to be such a darling B and B.  I got the boiler up and running, Mr. Griffin.  Well, we don't have a boiler,  but I can't wait to see what you've done in the cellar.  Oh, also, please rub the \"H\" and the \"C\" off all the knobs,  so people won't know what the hell's going on.  I want the first four minutes of every shower  to be confusion and anger.  Welcome, members of our school community.  Let's call to order this emergency meeting  of the school board regarding Principal Shepherd's meltdown.  I know a number of our students have felt  (MOCKING VOICE): \"traumatized\" by the events of this week,  (NORMAL VOICE): and we take those concerns very seriously.  Lois, I'm done with my gum.  I don't want it.  But I'm done with it.  Peter, shh.  I'll take it.  So, due to his erratic behavior, we have placed  Principal Shepherd on indefinite paid leave.  Typically, Vice Principal McGuire would step in.  However, I was informed earlier today  that she was found dead in her car.  (MAN COUGHS)  Therefore, the board is seeking a parent volunteer  to serve as interim principal  until a permanent replacement can be found.  Hey, Lois, maybe I should do it. I've always wanted a job  where I can let my dandruff go wild.  What? No way.  I'm not having my dad be the principal.  How embarrassing!  Yeah, no offense, Peter, but I don't know  if you should be running a school.  What are you talking about? I'm a natural leader.  That's why I'm so good at leading Simon Says.  Simon says, \"Leave the band.\"  Yeah, I don't know.  Well, you know what? You guys are wrong.  And I'm gonna prove it to you.  Again, any volunteers?  I'll be your new principal!  Wonderful. Why don't you come on up and introduce yourself.  All right. James Woods High cheerleaders, give me a hand!  (CHEERING)  CHEERLEADERS (CHANTING): Check. Him out.  Check. Check him out.  - My name is Peter. - Check.  - That ain't no lie. - Check.  I go pop, pop, fizz, fizz, oh, how sweet it is.  Check! Check!  I'm done with this gum now.  I don't want it.  But I'm done with it.  Mom, why was this Listerine in the garbage?  Oh, your father says he doesn't need it anymore  now that he's a high school principal.  Oh, my God, he's not really doing that, is he?  I'm only gonna get bullied worse now.  Hello, Breakfast Club.  (CHUCKLES) As a principal, I like to start each morning  with a reference from last century.  Dad, I don't want you to do this.  Too late. I've already been practicing  giving students awkward and uncoordinated high fives.  Chris, if I may?  Yay! Two fingers and side-of-the-palm contact.  Perfect!  All right, I got to get to work by 7:40,  'cause that's when high school starts for some reason.  See you at the way-too-early 10:40 lunch.  (GROANS)  I feel you, Meg.  - Shut up. - You shut up!  (GUESTS CHATTERING)  Wow, look at us. Running a B and B.  Yes, so far, all the guests seem very happy.  Hi, we're checking out.  Just charge my card.  That's weird, that's the fifth couple  to check out after only an hour.  Hi, we'd like a room, please.  Wait, I'm sorry, weren't you just here a moment ago  with a different man oh, crap.  Stewie, we have a problem. The only people checking in  are here to have sex with prostitutes.  What? Nonsense.  Well, then why are they all signing the guest book  and writing quaint things like,  \"Railed Crystal good.\" Oh  Damn it, this is awful.  How could I have not noticed sooner?  I mean, it's more obvious  than when George Takei was in the closet.  Hey, George, how are you?  I am a heterosexual.  I love vaginas.  (CHEWING NOISES)  So, what are you doing tonight?  Hopefully, choking on some lovely lady parts.  Oh, nummers.  All right, that sounds fun. See you later.  I am a heterosexual.  Good morning, children.  I am your interim principal, Mr. Griffin.  And to show I'm a fun principal,  I'm gonna do the Ice Bucket Challenge.  Three years too late,  but right on time for a principal.  And making no less sense than it did when it was current.  (KIDS LAUGHING AND CHEERING)  You're welcome, person who's probably already dead.  But, hey, now I got something even more fun.  How about we all do an expertly choreographed lip-dub  to a popular song.  (\"UPTOWN FUNK\" BY MARK RONSON AND BRUNO MARS PLAYING)  (GUITAR RIFF PLAYING)  Ah   This hit, that ice cold   Michelle Pfeiffer, that white gold   This one for them hood girls   Them good girls, straight masterpieces   Stylin', wilin', livin' it up in the city   (YELLING)  Got to kiss myself, I'm so pretty   I'm too hot   Hot damn   Call the police and the fireman   Ladies, this is my associate.  Brian, bitches. Bitches, Brian.  What what's all this?  This, Brian, is called diversification.  You see, if our guests insist on  bringing prostitutes into our B and B,  we might as well provide the women, too.  What? Stewie, we're not gonna become pimps.  Are you sure?  I'm sure. The answer is no,  so don't bother flashing a wad of money,  because there's no way I'm gonna change my answer  in the middle of this sentence  Okay, maybe we could try it out and see how it goes.  Hey, what are you girls doing standing around?!  Get to work!  Ha-ha! I'm telling you,  that dog is very easily persuaded.  Now let's see what's going on at the old high school.  Ooh  Doo-ooh  Doo  Hey, guys, guys.  When Borat was making announcements  over the P.A. this morning, that was me.  What?! Shut the front door.  (IMITATING BORAT): Taco Tuesday is nice.  MEG: Knock it off! Give me back my lunch.  What do we got here?  Grape juice in a Ziploc bag?  I have to make my own Capri Suns.  Hey, stupid, what the hell are you doing?  That's my daughter!  Yeah? What are you gonna do about it?  What am I gonna do about it?  I'll knock your teeth down your throat  and out your butt, you little bastard!  - (LAUGHS) - Oh, you think that's funny,  him spilling juice all over the floor?  This is gonna make people's sneakers sticky,  and then we're gonna have to listen to  (IMITATES STICKY SHOES WALKING)  all day!  Well, I won't have it.  Get on your knees and lick that up!  What? A-Are you serious?  Yeah, I'm serious. I'm the principal!  Oh, my God, I'm so embarrassed.  What are you talking about?  That jerk is finally getting what he deserves.  Yeah, Meg, now that your dad's the principal,  you could finally have power over the bullies.  Now, you little punks get to class.  And if you see Miss Millikan, tell her I said,  \"Hey, what's up?\"  Huh.  Maybe you're right.  Wow, Dad, that was really something.  Miss Millikan's just a friend.  Oh, I don't mean that.  I mean the way you handled those guys  that were picking on me.  Really? I felt like I kind of lost my cool there.  Not at all.  That's what you've got to do more of.  - You were like a real principal there. - I was?  Yeah. In fact, if you're gonna lead this school,  you've got to know that kids need discipline.  Especially kids like them.  And their friends, Jeremy and Bridget.  Oh, really?  Where might I find this Jeremy and Bridget?  I don't know, study hall, second floor?  (LOUD CHATTER)  All right, listen up, maggots! Fun's over!  There's gonna be some changes around here,  and what better way to show you I'm serious  than to smash a desk with a baseball bat?  (GRUNTS)  (GRUNTING)  Oh!  (GRUNTS)  (SCHOOL BELL RINGS)  Okay, we'll pick this up on Monday.  Do any of you know my wife Lois?  Tell her I'm on the bats and to come get me.  She'll know what it means.  Let's go. Keep it moving.  Get to class. Hey, you.  You salute that flag when you walk by, kid.  Loads of people fought for that thing,  including yours truly.  Y-You were in the service?  I may have misunderstood what \"yours truly\" means.  Hey, Dad, listen.  The four of us got together last night,  and we came up with a list of 11 students  and two teachers that you need to do something about.  Maybe you should start with Mark Rutledge.  Why? What'd he do?  He wouldn't kiss Ruth at the Sadie Hawkins dance,  even though she bought him dinner before  at Walt's Roast Beef.  Well, I don't see how that's got anything to do  And he called you fat.  Oh, I'm gonna squish him!  That's right.  Don't take any crap from anyone.  Oh, I won't.  I'm gonna take down all these punks,  just like I did in my 1980s crime series,  Gary Ratowski, Hockey Cop.  Gimme that purse!  Hey, criminals.  Puck you!  (SKATES CLACKING ON CEMENT)  Get the puck out of my neighborhood.  Go puck yourself.  (SIREN WAILING)  Uh-oh, here come the real cops.  ANNOUNCER: Hockey Cop, not a cop.  All right, ladies, I'm going to put this  as gently as I can,  but it appears that someone's rectum  fell out on the stairs.  Now, whose is it? Be honest.  All right, that's fine.  But let's just agree on a rule  that if your rectum falls out on the stairs,  it's on you to pick it up.  Look at that, Brian.  Our day has just begun, and there's a line out the door.  I know, we're raking it in.  This is a hell of a lot easier  than when I delivered pizza in New Orleans.  (BAND PLAYING LIVELY MUSIC)  What the hell?  We're all just blocking the street   We're all just blocking the street   Come on, I got to deliver this pizza.  Five trumpets do the job of one   We're all just blocking the street   I need to be there in 30 minutes.  It's a company promise!  Half the band isn't in the band   We're all just blocking the street   Oh, thank God.  One of us dropped a contact lens   We're going back to block the street   Ah, screw it.  We won't stop blocking the street   Never stop blocking the street.   Okay, so I think Lee Blanding gets detention.  And for Jason O'Neil,  maybe you could pants him during an assembly.  Yes, good. I like that.  Oh, hi, you two. What are you working on?  Oh, nothing.  I, um I'm just helping Dad  with his schedule for tomorrow.  You know, he's really doing a great job.  He's actually made the school a lot better.  Huh. Well, I got to admit I was skeptical,  but it sounds like things are going pretty well down there.  You bet they are.  They'll go even better after The Purge.  The what?  Hey, Meg, how about one of these?  (GRUNTING)  One of them things, yeah?  Peter, what the hell are you doing?  Uh, he's just saying he wants to use his key  to drive me to school tomorrow in his car.  Peter, what exactly are you doing down at that school?  I'll tell you what I'm doing.  I'm doing a great job,  like when I was a pro football kicker.  (CROWD CHEERING)  Yay! Now I can fist bump with black guys.  Nailed it, Peter!  There you go!  Yeah! We going to the club tonight?  - Not you! - Okay!  Hey, Brian, what's a \"splat job\"?  I-I don't, I don't know, Stewie.  I'm worried that you're seeing too much.  Good morning, ladies.  Were the paramedics able to resuscitate Lamar Odom?  They're still working on it.  (WHEELS SQUEAKING)  He's tall, get it?  Okay, show's over. Everybody back to work.  Yeah, about that. We got to talk.  Oh, uh, sure. What's up?  We just realized we can keep all the money, take your house,  and kill you if you try to do anything about it.  All right, we're just gonna step outside  and figure out a counter.  (LOCK LATCHING)  And they locked us out.  What about my loaf of cinnamon raisin bread?!  It's mine! It's not for the whole house!  (SIGHS) Let's just go. They won.  Oh, we'll see about that.  Hello, I'd like to report a brothel  operating on Route 6, near Round Hill Road.  Thank you.  You want to eat mangled raisin bread  across the street and watch the cops raid the place?  Yeah, I'd like that.  (SIRENS WAILING)  (CLATTERING)  (WOMEN SCREAMING, GUNSHOTS)  Oh, here comes the UPS guy.  Oh, I bet he's delivering those marmalade jars we ordered.  Doesn't that feel like a million years ago?  Yeah, we don't need those anymore.  Sorry, just send them back.  You can just do that?  Oh, yeah, you can just refuse delivery.  You've never done that?  I-I genuinely did not know you could do that.  Well, you can. Anything you order.  If you don't sign for it, it has to go back.  Everyone does it.  Most of what America is now  is just boxes going back and forth.    (ROPE WHOOSHING SHARPLY)  Students, this is a chair without a seat.  Jeff Banfield, I'd like you to please come down here,  take your pants off and sit.  Me? What did I do?  You know what you did, Jeff!  I don't even know what's going on!  Just go, Jeff, or he'll start  hitting that trash can with a spoon again.  That means now, Mr. Banfield!  What is going on here?  Just a little of the three \"R\" s  Reading, writing and wrecking this guy's sack.  The school board received a very serious complaint.  Mr. Griffin, you are hereby relieved of your duties.  (GASPS): A promotion?  No, you're fired.  We've reinstated Principal Shepherd.  Wait, he's back?  But he had that crazy meltdown about his divorce.  Yes, but then I went on a sex trip to Thailand,  and I banged all the goofy right out of me.  Wait. Dad's fired?  Who did this? Who turned him in?  I did.  PATTY: Hi, Mrs. Griffin!  Hi. Hi, Patty.  Why, Mom?  Because what you and your father have been doing is wrong.  We'll talk about this at home.  Well, I guess your mom was right all along.  I had no business running a school.  Can I be honest with you, Dad?  I thought you were awesome.  You stood up for all the kids who get picked on.  You stood up for me.  Wow, so so you think I did a good job being principal?  No, you did a good job being my dad.  Come on, Meg, let's go home.  And next time I want to get back at your bullies,  I'll do it the old-fashioned way  As a grown man beating up teenagers in a parking lot.  I'm planning on dying tonight.  What are your plans?  (THUNDER CRASHES)         Ah, the water park.  Happy anniversary, Lois.  Everybody meet back here in six hours.  I can't wait to get everyone else's  body water in my mouth.  Uh, where's the slide?  Just eat this Starburst.  Wow, lemons, oranges, cherries.  - So juicy! - (THUD)  I don't think that was a Starburst.  I think that may have just been acid.  Would you like to ride the Skittles rainbow now?  Is it also acid?  My friend, I'm an adult who works at a water park.  If I give you something, it's acid.  No going down headfirst,  and wait till I say it's okay.  Go. Go. Go.  Hey!  MEG: I'm gaining on you, Brian.  BRIAN: Meg, slow down. You're coming way too fast.  Ew, Brian, what happened?  (MUFFLED SPEECH): I don't know.  Hey, idiot,  you got to wait till the guy says go.  Excuse me, do you think you can help me out?  Sure, just let me do an awkward, extremely  unattractive pool walk over to you.  (GRUNTING)  (EXHALES): Hey, what's up?  My top came off on the slide.  I think I may have seen you put it in your shorts.  Okay, well, here's my shorts.  Just fish out the one that's yours.  Thank you so much.  I'm Isabella.  I'm Chris.  Listen, my aunt is waiting for me,  but it was nice to meet you, Chris.  You, too.  Enjoy the boobs of your morning.  Afternoon!  Enjoy the boobs of your afternoon.  (LAUGHS)  My word, Chris, that girl was totally into you.  You should ask her out.  Really? But what if she says no?  Hey, if you want something, you've got to go for it.  Just like the fat man did when he changed his name.  I'm looking for a Peter Ferrari.  Obviously, that's me.  Yes, there's a soiled pair of Ferrari underwear  in the men's room trash.  Who took 'em out of the sink?  They were soaking.  Sir, I can't park this.  There's diarrhea all over the front seat  of your PT Cruiser.  Isabella, listen, I'm not great at this,  but (GRUNTS)  Told you.  Also, I was wondering if there's any chance  you'd maybe want to go out with me sometime.  Oh, Chris, that's sweet,  but I don't think you'd want to go out with me.  - Why not? - It's just that, well, I have kids.  Oh, wow. And a couple of cuties.  We got any teeth coming in?  Oh, oh, I think I feel something.  Please, please don't do that.  Hey, your aunt is Consuela? Hi, Consuela.  - You two know each other? - Oh, yeah.  \"Lemon Pledge,\" \"No, no.\" All that stuff.  Is time to go.  Lemon Pledge, no, no.  (LAUGHS) See?  But wait, Isabella,  I don't care that you have kids.  I'd still like to go out with you.  Wow, that's really sweet, Chris.  Okay, you're on.  Here's my number.  Oh, boy, I haven't been this excited  since our trip to Philadelphia.  MAN (OVER P.A.): Ladies and gentlemen,  Flight 427 to Philadelphia has been canceled.  ALL: Yay!  (SLURPING)  I saw Lady and the Tramp, so I asked if we could  eat spaghetti in the alley, but they said no,  because of all the homeless masturbation.  Oh, I love that movie.  Chris, I'm having a really nice time with you.  You are? Listen, this is probably lame,  but I learned a little bit of your language,  and I just wanted to say    What language is that?  You're Korean, are you not?  No, I'm Mexican.    (LAUGHING)  Hey, Chris. Where are you off to?  Oh, Isabella's coming by,  and we're gonna take the kids to the park.  Wow, you two are spending a lot of time together.  Uh, are you sure you want to date a girl  who's had so much experience?  What do you mean?  Like, maybe she's got some city miles  on her voo-voo.  Not to mention a couple of blowouts.  - (CHUCKLES): Hey, Bri - Yup, I heard you.  She's talking about her kids, Chris.  Oh, I don't care about that, Mom.  I just want to make sure you're not getting in over your head.  Well, I'm sure someone's already been in there  deeper than that, Lois.  (CHUCKLES): Brian.  (KNOCK ON DOOR)  Oh, hello, Isabella.  Hi, Mrs. Griffin, Mr. Griffin.  Mr. Griffin's up here, sweetheart.  Well, I guess you two have fun.  Okay, bye.  Look, I can see why you're concerned  that Chris' girlfriend has kids,  but he's happy, and she seems like she's into him.  Plus, she's she's hot.  Yeah, she is.  I bit my lip off.  (THUMP ON WINDOW)  - (THUMP) - (SIGHS)  - (THUMP) - Go away, Mr. Herbert!  HERBERT: It's not me. I'm in your closet.  Isabella.  Is everything okay?  Chris, I just wanted to say good-bye.  Wha-What do you mean?  I found out that I'm going to be deported.  They're sending me back to Mexico in the morning.  So, in other words, this could have waited  till the morning?  I didn't want to leave without saying good-bye.  But they can't send you away.  There's got to be something we can do.  Unfortunately, there's not.  But don't worry, I'm planning on  getting back into the country as soon as I can.  What are you gonna do,  just leave the babies with Consuela?  I wish I could, but she works seven days a week,  between housekeeping  and being the new CEO of Yahoo.  Maybe we should improve our business model.  No, no.  Improve our original content?  No, no.  So we have no corporate identity?  We secondary e-mail people use  to sign up for porn sites.  So, are you taking your boys back with you?  I guess I have no choice.  But I hate having to.  The whole reason I left Mexico  was to give them a better life.  Well, I could take them until you get back.  I mean, I'm no expert at this sort of thing,  but (GRUNTING)  Wow, you're getting better at that.  But I can't ask you to take care of my children.  Isabella, I want to do this.  Chris, stop.  You would really look after my kids for me?  Of course I would.  You're a wonderful man, Chris Griffin.  Thank you. Gracias.  I'll be back as soon as I can.  Don't worry, I'm gonna take good care of you.  I'm gonna call you \"Juan,\"  and I'm gonna call you \"Two.\"  Good, he's been reading the book.  Uh, Dad, you're reading the paper upside down.  Wrong again, idiot.  Chris, what are you doing with Isabella's babies?  And why are you holding them that way?  You'll hurt them. Where's Isabella?  She got deported this morning.  Deported? A-And she just left her babies with you?  Well, just until she can come back.  Chris, are you crazy?  What makes you think you can take care of two babies?  I don't know, I've seen her take care of them.  I see you with Stewie.  Frankly, it doesn't seem that hard.  You just shattered her world.  Shattered.  Absolutely not, Chris. I will not allow this.  Look, I made a promise to Isabella,  and I'm gonna keep it.  Now, if you'll excuse me,  these two need to eat.  He bought a breast-feeding book.  Someone may want to pop in on him.  There's no way Chris is gonna be able to take care  of two babies.  Well, maybe he should have thought of that  before he opened his slut legs.  No, Peter, that's not  Anyway, we got to call Child Services.  Lois, if you do that, Chris will resent you  for the rest of his life.  Then what do you suggest we do?  I say you let him try.  Trust me, one day of watching those kids,  and he'll want them out of here.  (SIGHS) All right, fine.  Yes, taking care of kids is a 24-hour job.  Like when I worked at that all-night diner  from that painting.  They kicked me out of the war for kissing a guy.  All right, guys, nothing but the best for you two,  so I got you all-organic, non-GMO, no-hormone food.  That'll be $500.  Ah, well, sorry, kids.  Looks like we're gonna go to Jersey Mike's  and hope that future science will save us.  Yay, we're jar people!  Ah! Science, help!  ANNOUNCER: Jersey Mike's.  Bring your girlfriend with the fat ass in here.  Hey, guys, how about a little TV?  We can watch a baby thing together.  Baby Einstein, Muppet Babies.  Uh, what's CSI: Babies?  - (BABIES CRYING) - STEWIE: What's this?  They can't solve this crime, they're just frightened babies.  They don't even know it's a crime,  they just know their parents aren't there.  They're scared, now I'm scared. Turn this off!  Aah, that's not what I want!  Aah, I'm gonna go hide in my couch fort!  Is CSI: Babies over yet?  (KNOCKS ON DOOR)  Oh, hello, Consuela.  You must be here for the twins.  No, no take babies.  I have good news and ay, ay, ay news.  Okay, give us the ay, ay, ay news first.  Isabella no can come back.  Stuck in Mexico.  The babies, they stay here.  What?!  What's the good news?  Good news is bus get new wiper blades.  No more \"ee-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa.\"  \"Ee-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa.\"  Well, these kids are not staying here.  You got to take them.  How can I take them  when I was never here?  Wow, she's like the Mexican David Blaine.  Wait, is David Blaine Mexican?  He's something.  Peter, forget that.  What are we gonna do?  Chris can't just be stuck with these babies.  Why not?  I'm doing a great job.  I love Isabella and I love her kids.  Chris, you're living in a dreamland.  How are you gonna support two babies?  I could just take some time off school and get a job.  No, absolutely not.  Well, now-now hold on, Lois, hold on,  maybe Chris getting a job's not the worst idea.  I mean, I made pretty good money  when I hosted that confusing game show.  All right, Phil, come stand by me, it's Ashley's turn.  Ashley, go ahead, pick an answer, find a question,  spin the table, and remember, the clock is ticking backwards.  - I'll pass? - (BUZZER SOUND)  Congrats, you win.  Sorry to see you go.  And, Phil, we'll see you tomorrow.  Well, that's all the time we have.  For those of you playing at home, why?  And how?  Audience?  AUDIENCE: Why and how!  Stop that!  Forget it, I will not allow you to drop out of school.  If Isabella can't get here to take her kids back,  we'll just have to bring them to her.  What? What do you mean?  I mean we're going to Mexico  so we can give these kids back to their mother.  Peter, back me up here.  Let's get those kids back to their mama.   (CLAP TWICE)  Look how winded he is from doing that one spin.  (BREATHING HEAVILY): Your mother's right, Chris.  We're going to Mexico.  Oh.  I got to sit.  All right, we're off to Mexico.  If you kids are good, we'll bring you back  a tangled marionette.  Is it gonna be a long trip, Dad?  No, not too bad.  Especially since we're gonna do it to the wrong stock footage.    Boy, what a trip.  (CHICKEN CLUCKS)  Chris, are you sure this is Isabella's village?  - (GOAT BLEATS) - This place looks pretty rough.  Yeah, this is it.  Santa Terrible.  Look, there she is!  Chris!  What in the Mind of Mencia are you doing here?  (GASPS) My babies!  Isabella, I missed you so much.  Ay, Chris, I missed you, too.  Look, Isabella, you shouldn't be separated from your children,  so we've brought them to you.  We wish you all the best.  Say good-bye, Chris.  Mom, we can't just leave them here.  This is no place for Isabella to raise a family.  (VARIOUS ANIMAL NOISES, SIREN CHIRPS)  (HANDCUFFS CLICK)  Oh, you're right, Chris.  I didn't want you to have to raise those babies yourself.  But as a mom, I don't know if I can in good conscience  leave this family here.  We'll just have to smuggle her and her babies back in.  Well, no one's better at smuggling than El Chapo.  Maybe he can help us.  How are you gonna get El Chapo to help?  It's easy.  All you got to do is say \"dyed black eyebrows\"  into the wind, and he appears.  Dyed black eyebrows.  Can I help you?  Peter Gallagher?  Maybe I can help.  Mark Cuban?  Oh, we're getting all the wrong eyebrow guys.  Mrs. Griffin, you would take the risk  of smuggling me and my children across the border?  But you could be arrested.  I realize that, but you have just as much right  to a decent life for your children as anyone else.  Now we just need a plan.  All right, what if we  run!  (COUGHS) Damn it, Peter!  What about Quagmire?  He could probably get his hands on a plane.  Lois, that's actually a great idea.  \"Actually\"?  W-Why are you saying it like that?  And Quagmire owes me a favor anyway, remember?  Last time he went out of town, I sat on his eggs for him.  LOIS: Peter, it's time for lunch.  Sorry, Lois, can't leave the eggs till Quagmire gets back.  We're having sloppy joes.  Well, I guess I haven't seen that mongoose in a while.  LOIS: We're having sloppy joes.  Yeah, I heard.  Please say you got the onion bun  We're having sloppy joes.  (GASPS) Mongoose!  (GASPS) Mongeese!  Hey, just a heads-up, my dad's friend, Mr. Quagmire,  is gonna say a lot of stuff to you,  and it's all gonna be disgusting.  Hey, you must be Isabella.  I came as soon as I heard about you.  And then I got on my plane.  (CHUCKLES) All right.  MAN: Hold it right there!  Uh-oh. Somebody's coming.  N-Now, hold on, hold on.  I put my business card in a fishbowl at an El Torito.  This could be about that.  Policía! Put your hands up!  Is this about the raffle for the free lunch?  Does it have to be during the week, because I  Aah!  Wait a second, are we being arrested?  We've done nothing wrong.  We're not arresting you.  We're taking your plane.  And, Javier, get their keys and take their SUV.  Ah, that stupid, fat guido.  No, Peter, that's the wrong racial slur.  No, I know, I was just thinking about Snooki.  (HAWK SCREECHES)  Boy, I can't believe there'd be corrupt cops in Mexico.  Yeah, Donald Trump was right:  his daughter is a hot piece of ass.  Uh, you guys, don't panic,  but there's a couple of coyotes over there.  (SNARLING)  Oh, like Coyote Ugly with Piper Perabo.  Peh I-is that it?  Peh-Peh-ree Peh-ree-bow?  Peh-Pera Pera-Pera-boo?  Pera-boo? Say it with me.  Per-Per-a-bow.  Is that right?  It's weird, but you remember.  You know? I guess  I guess that's the point.  Do you think she's set for life?  Peter, we're about to die!  (SNARLS, GROWLS)  No, my babies!  Get out of here!  You leave them alone!  Ow! (GRUNTING)  Ah! Chris!  (GROANING)  (CHRIS GRUNTS, COYOTE WHIMPERS)  You guys, I've been bit!  And it got away with my friendship bracelet.  You are a boy.  Chris, you saved my babies.  Oh, my God, Peter, we did nothing.  We're his parents and we did nothing.  I know, but, wow,  did you see how Chris took care of those kids?  Up till now, the only thing he could take care of  was my traffic tickets.  - Name? - Uh, Peter Griffin.  Peter Griffin's here to surrender  for his vehicular manslaughter.  What? No.  I'm a good boy!  He is a good boy.  Oh, this is awful.  Chris is injured,  and we're completely out of food and water.  I know.  I'm so thirsty, I'd be willing to drink anyone's pee.  Not-Not yours, Chris or Peter.  But, you know, you know, anyone.  Mom, Dad, thanks for trying to help.  You know, I just wanted to do the right thing,  but now we're all gonna die.  Did-Did you gals hear my pee thing?  (VEHICLE APPROACHES)  Time for clean getaway.  - Consuela? - ¿Tía?  Ay, thank God.  How did you find us?  Babies' earring have chip.  Oh, well, this is great.  Can you help us get to the border?  Oh, you already in United States.  We are?  Yes, this Texas.  What?  S-So, wait, so we walked right across the border  and didn't even know it?  That is a problem.  Right?  I mean, politics aside, we can all agree,  that is a problem.  Thanks for the ride, Consuela.  And thanks for talking us on that little detour to Dollywood.  Was I right, or was I right?  Yep, totally worth the extra two days.  Look, Chris, I owe you an apology.  I didn't believe in you.  I was wrong to say you couldn't handle the responsibility  of taking care of two kids.  Y-You risked your life for those babies.  Well, I didn't want them to get hurt.  That's right.  Because you care about them,  just like you care about Isabella.  And if you want to continue to date her  and be a part of those kids' lives,  I'd be just fine with that.  Are you kidding? Screw that.  Looking after babies is a nightmare.  Oh, you have no idea.  You know how many times I had you kids in the oven,  just daring myself to turn it on?  Well, thanks for trusting me to figure it out for myself.  I love you, Mom.  I love you, too, sweetheart.  Isabella, being with you has been really great.  But I think I realized my mom was right.  I'm too young to be taking on this much responsibility.  I understand.  But I know someday you will make an incredible father.  Good-bye, Chris.  Good-bye, Isabella.  LOIS: Chris, time for dinner.  We're having sloppy joes.  Oh, boy!  LOIS: We're having sloppy joes.  Yeah, I heard you.  Oh, dear God.  Oh, they're all dead.  No, please, no!  (GUNSHOTS)   LOIS: We're having sloppy joes.  We're having sloppy joes.  We're having sloppy joes.   TV ANNOUNCER: This program is brought to you by Fruit Bouquets.  Got a birthday coming up for someone you absolutely hate?  Why not tell them to go screw themselves  by sending a giant Fruit Bouquet?  With just a few clicks, you'll be able  to send someone 14 pounds of unwanted decorative produce  that will go bad within an hour of arrival!  Hungry for a strangely-warm strawberry?  How about a hard green wedge or a slime-glazed melon ball?  Well, we have all these gross things.  Order now and make someone feel guilty  about throwing it straight into the trash six hours later.  Fruit Bouquets: the rotting gift with flies on it!  Okay, I'm heading out for ladies' night.  There's a casserole in the refrigerator.  I'll be home at 11:00.  - Hey, Lois? - Yeah?  How would you find out the name of the actual actress  who plays the AT&T chick?  I left a list of hot commercial girls  on the refrigerator.  What is this \"refrigerator\" you keep mentioning?  Are you talking about the sandwich house?  (SIGHS) I guess I'm not the only person  with a useless husband.  I mean, look at Mrs. Butterworth.  I still don't understand why we couldn't take my last name.  Well, my last name helps keep a roof over our head  and pays for your hobby.  Hobby?  (PHONE RINGING)  Oh, look at that.  My business line is ringing.  Hello? Lamps That Look Like Soccer Balls.  Yes?  Okay. How many would you like to return?  Yeah, just send them here, care of  Mr. Butterworth.  (LIVELY CHATTER)  Ah, it's so nice getting out of the house.  If I had to change one more diaper, I was gonna lose it.  I'm in exactly the same boat.  I mean, what would our husbands do  if they had to change their own diapers?  Different boat, Bonnie. Much different boat.  Hey, I got an idea.  Let's crank call them.  - Me first. - (LINE RINGING)  (CRYING): You're weak, Cleveland!  You're worthless and weak!  (PHONE RINGING)  You found Brown.  - Hello, Cleveland. - (GIGGLING)  This is Michelle Obama.  It is?!  Yes. I received all your letters,  and I do like your mustache.  Oh. I've been doing all your arm exercises.  Thank you, but those won't work on your fat arms.  How do you know my arms are fat?  I deliberately left them out of all the photos.  You're eating a pie on the toilet, aren't you, Cleveland?  Who is this? Is this a Jerky Boy?!  It's your wife, you big dummy!  (LAUGHTER, PHONE BEEPS OFF)  (SOBBING)  I used to have my own show.  (LAUGHTER)  (LINE RINGING)  - (PHONE RINGING) - Hello?  (DISGUISED VOICE): Hello. Is this Joe Swanson?  Wait. You can talk normal?  (NORMAL VOICE): What do you mean?  Never mind.  (DISGUISED VOICE): We're calling from WQHG,  Quahog's Hottest Hits.  And we'll give you $500 if you can sing Britney Spears'  \"I'm Not A Girl, Not Yet A Woman.\"  You've got ten seconds to  I'm not a girl, not yet a woman   All I need is time   Oh, but you have to be able to walk.  Aw, nuts.  (LAUGHTER)  Okay, my turn! My turn!  (LINE RINGING)  (PHONE RINGING)  Hello. Don't say anything about the 1998 Oscars.  I'm watching it now.  LOIS (DISGUISED VOICE): Hello, is this Peter Griffin?  If this is the fracking people, I have made it clear  that I am 100% on board.  No, my name is Rebecca.  You've never met me before  and probably don't even know I exist, but you're my father.  Hello?  How'd you get this number? Don't you ever call here again!  - (LINE CLICKS) - What the hell?!  He just got mad and hung up.  He what? Why?  I don't know. He sounded weird.  Like when he was an NFL announcer and had to pretend  he cared about the shows after the game.  PETER: Patriots calling their third and final timeout.  Hey, after the game, keep it here  for an all-new Madam Secretary.  Tonight, Madam Secretary faces  an international crisis in Pakistan,  while her teenage daughter faces her own crisis  finding a date for the prom.  Madam Secretary, tonight on CBS.  (SIGHS HEAVILY)  Is this the longest time-out of all time?  Hey, Peter.  So, um, anything interesting happen tonight?  Yup. I finally peed that chunk of poo off the side of the bowl.  You know the one you've been yelling at me about?  Nobody called or anything?  Nope. So, hey, uh, are you tipsy enough  to let me have lazy Tony Soprano sex?  You know, where-where I just lie there  and arch my hips a little bit and breathe like a dying whale?  Uh, I don't know.  All right, well, just in case, I'll be upstairs  getting into my boxers and black socks.  (PANTING HEAVILY)  Do you think it's possible  he actually has an illegitimate child?  I don't know, but something's going on,  because I'm telling you, he lied right to my face.  Sometimes friends put wine out for each other.  I just don't understand it.  I mean, we don't keep secrets in this house.  We didn't even keep the Pop Secret's secret.  Psst. Hey, did you hear?  Hear what?  Orville Redenbacher is gay.  But he has a son.  He's in the commercial.  His son's gay, too. They're both gay.  They have sex parties in the Hollywood Hills.  It sounds like you're just making up stories  about your competitors.  You're gay, too.  - What? - (KISSING NOISES)  Aah! You're a psycho!  Dad, you're never gonna believe what  Chris, meet Orville Redenbacher and his son. Watch.  And that's where we get the expression  \"gay as a bag of popcorn.\"  All right, I'll see you later.  What? Where are you going?  Laser tag orientation.  Well, that's obviously not true.  Yeah, that boy got lie-arrhea.  Oh, my God. I-I got to follow him,  find out where he's really going.  Good idea. If I was you,  I'd stick to him like glue-arrhea.  Okay, I think I'm starting to crack your code.  Quick, Brian, I need your car.  I don't know, Lois.  You're not on the insurance, and I don't think that  (MOANING)  (KNOCKING)  MAN: Fruit Bouquet for Brian Griffin?  Happy birthday, buddy.    (TIRES SCREECHING)  What the hell?  Peter, what are you doing here?  Lois! Uh, uh  I was I'm just, uh, shopping.  Yeah, I'll-I'll take a large sperm, please.  Nice going, now you've ruined Christmas.  Peter Griffin, you tell me what's going on right now.  (SIGHS) Okay, fine, I'll be honest with you.  A long while back, just before we got married,  I was a little short of cash.  What, to buy our rings?  No, I wanted to pay for dial-up modem impression classes. See?  (DIAL-UP MODEM BEEPING, STATIC CRACKLING)  Wow, that's pretty good. I  (IMITATES AOL VOICE): You've got mail.  Okay, but hang on. You were a sperm donor?  Yeah, I'd-I'd almost forgotten about it,  but then last night, I get this call from a woman  who says she's my daughter.  Peter, that was me. I was prank calling you.  You what?!  I can't believe you would do that to me!  MAN: Can you guys argue elsewhere?  You're making it tough to finish in here.  MAN 2: No, fight louder! Call her a bitch!  But I don't understand.  Why did you come here today?  'Cause that call last night gave me a scare.  I figured if I do have a kid out there,  I want to make sure they're not giving out my information.  They're not supposed to; I signed a form.  Hold on, Peter.  I'm sorry I tricked you,  but if you do have a child out there,  isn't it only fair to let him or her meet you?  Eh, maybe you're right.  I mean, as long as we're here,  maybe you should sign a consent form.  Okay, yeah.  All right, I'll do it.  You know what?  It feels good doing something nice for others.  Like when I was a mentor for Kid Rock.  Okay, I took a leak into this can of Busch Light  without spilling.  You're ready.  You don't need me anymore.  Will I see you again, Peter?  Wherever a father weighs less than his daughter,  I'll be there.  Wherever someone has a banner for a football team  as a curtain, I'll be there.  Wherever there's a fight in a Waffle House,  I'll be there.  Now go.  People need a concert to go to after the water park.  (DOORBELL RINGS)  Hi, is, uh, is Peter Griffin here?  Oh, my God.  Is everything okay?  Yes, it's just you look just like  What's going on? Who's this supermodel?  I'm Katie.  I'm your daughter.  You're what?  Holy crap!  Yeah, I hope you don't mind the drop-in,  but the, uh, the sperm bank said it was okay to contact you.  Wow, I guess, I guess I just didn't expect this so soon.  Well, we were all pretty excited to meet you.  What do you mean \"we\"?  ALL: Hi, Dad!  We're all your children. We came from your semen.  \"Semen.\" (LAUGHS LIKE PETER)  (ALL LAUGHING LIKE PETER)  - \"Semen.\" - \"Semen.\"  Ha-ha!  Oh, sorry. Wrong house.  Look, Eddie's at the wrong house.  - Ha-ha! - Ha-ha!  - Ha-ha! - Ha-ha!  (LIVELY CHATTER)  Peter, how many times were you a sperm donor?  Only once, but I had just seen Uma Thurman in Beautiful Girls,  so it was kind of a ka-blamo.  You ever seen those videos where they put Mentos in Diet Coke?  Uh, listen, I want all of you to know  how happy we are to meet you.  In fact, this calls for a celebration.  Can you all stay for dinner?  Aw, we'd love that. Wouldn't we, guys?  Yeah, absolutely.  You said it, babe.  Yeah, Chinese Peter very hungry.  Whoa, whoa, whoa, slow down there, Lois.  Just 'cause they're my kids and they all look like me  doesn't mean we have anything in common.  (FARTS NOTES FROM CLOSE ENCOUNTERS OF THE THIRD KIND)  (GASPS)  (FARTS NOTES FROM CLOSE ENCOUNTERS OF THE THIRD KIND)  Daddy.  (FARTS NOTES FROM CLOSE ENCOUNTERS OF THE THIRD KIND)  (FARTS THE SAME NOTES)  (ALL FARTING RAPIDLY IN HARMONY)  I've never felt proud of any of my children until now.  This is so exciting.  For years, I have dreamed of one day traveling from Bavaria  to play the accordion for my birth family.  May I?  (DISCORDANT ACCORDION PLAYING)  I have just one question for you.  What are those?!  Oh, I get that because this comedy  has just made it to Germany.  Wow, you look exactly like me.  (RUSSIAN ACCENT): Yes, I'm not actually part  of sperm donation thing.  I'm your secret clone.  We have been Orphan Black-ed and you soon will be dead.  (SILENCED GUNSHOT)  LOIS: Meg, where are you?  (MEG'S VOICE): I'm right here, Mom.  Well, look at your fine ass.  Are you talking to me?  Damn right.  I've been looking around this whole house  for something to nibble on.  I think I just found it.  So many confusing feelings!  - Dad. - Sex.  Black woman.  Historically-low mortgage rates.  Ah! I got to go buy a house.  Lois, Lois.  Can I keep the little person Peter?  No. They're too much work.  But I'll take care of it. I promise.  You always say that, and I'm the one who ends up  feeding him and walking him and doing all the clean up.  Excuse me, I'm a candidate  for a doctorate in Classics at Wesleyan.  It talks! Lois, it talks!  (GRUNTS)  Whoa, that was close.  You almost dipped one of your yabbos in the marinara.  Let me help you with those.  Well, thank you. That's so sweet.  You're the first person who looks anything like my husband  who's offered to help in any way.  Oh, you must be Peter's wife, Lois.  I'm Larry.  It's nice to meet you, Larry.  Weird hands-full pinky shake?  I got to tell you, it's so strange,  you look so much like Peter when I first met him.  Well, I'm guessing you look exactly the same, too.  You're in such great shape.  Well, I do have tiny blue weights in my garage.  (BOTH LAUGH)  (KNOCK AT DOOR)  Oh, hi, Larry.  Hi, Lois. Is Peter here?  Larry, it's only 2:00 in the afternoon.  Peter's still sleeping off last night's party.  Then why why are you still in your pajamas and bathrobe?  Oh, that's because I'm depressed.  Is that why that sad Shel Silverstein blob  is following you around?  Who would ever (BLEEP) me?  Anyway, we didn't really get a chance  to finish our conversation yesterday,  and I thought maybe we could grab some lunch together.  Huh. That would give me a reason to get dressed today.  Oh. Would you, uh, like to join us?  That didn't sound like a real invitation.  See, this is why no one ever wants to (BLEEP) you.  Thank you again for lunch, Larry.  Sorry I drew so many Nazi symbols on the place mat.  - I was just nervous. - That's okay.  I just wish we hadn't gone to a kosher restaurant.  Ugh, but look at me.  I got ice cream all over my fingers.  Do you have a napkin?  No, but let me help you clean it off.  Larry, are you turned on or starving?  Can't it be both?  (BONES SNAP)  - Mm. - Mm.  Wow, Larry, that was unexpected.  Shh, we'll discuss this later.  - I have to get back to my high school - Oh.  - Where I work - Oh.  - As a janitor - Oh.  - To pay for medical school - Oh.  - That I'm building - Oh!  - Out of Popsicle sticks. - Oh.  That big one doesn't blink a lot, does he?  Hey, Lois, where's your purse?  Me and some of my kids are going to the movies.  By the way, Dwarf Peter died.  I didn't know what he ate, so I gave him nothing.  His name was Tyler.  He had a name.  Everything you say, you say with pride.  I like that about you.  Anyway, where's Larry?  Maybe he wants to go to the movie.  Larry?  Why would I know where Larry is?  And who is Larry?  Well, never mind.  All right, everybody bring your phones  so we can text each other during the movie.  Wow, you want to tell me what that was?  Oh, Brian, Larry and I sort of crossed a line yesterday.  I don't know, he's just so sweet and fun-loving,  and for God's sake,  he looks just like Peter did when he was his age.  Yeah, but?  Well, he kissed me and I kind of let him.  I told him it could never happen again and that  What are you doing?  Oh, I-I thought that was kind of like, \"I'm open for business.\"  No! I'm confiding in a friend.  Oh! You're the safe friend.  Look, I feel awful about it, but I told Larry that was it,  and we couldn't be anything more than friends.  So, you're still gonna see him?  Yes, of course; he's a nice young man  and he's practically family.  ZOLOFT BLOB: Lois!  No! Zoloft Blob, don't!  (GUNSHOT)  (GROANS)  Is everything okay?  Yeah, I-I'm fine, I just hurt my neck this morning  vigorously nodding approval to Judge Judy.  Okay, all right, the doctor is in.  Come on, back it up over here.  Somebody's got a neck massage coming.  Ah, right there.  Okay, but let's keep this friendly.  You can choke me for just a second.  You know, maybe I should just go ahead and do your whole back.  Yeah, your bra strap is getting in the way here.  I'll just bite it off with my teeth.  Lois, is a president stronger than a king?  What the hell?!  Oh, Peter.  L-Look, calm down. We're just friends.  H-He's just giving me a friendly massage.  A friendly massage?!  Yeah, and what do you care?  When's the last time you did anything nice for me?  I ate that gross pasta you made.  I might as well just tell you, Peter.  I'm in love with Lois.  I knew it the moment we kissed.  Kissed?!  Is that true?!  Yes, Peter, but I  You son of a bitch!    (GRUNTS)  (PANTING)  (GRUNTING)  Everybody says, \"We don't need a homeowners' association.  That's stupid, Quagmire.\"  Well, this is why a homeowners' association.  (GRUNTS IN SLOW MOTION)  (GRUNTS)  What the hell?!  Lois?!  What'd you do that for?  I thought you and him were girlfriend and boyfriend.  He was not my boyfriend, Peter.  And I wasn't about to stand by and watch him kick your ass.  I was holding my own there.  You were getting beat up.  No, no, I meant I was holding my own nuts  so he wouldn't kick them.  But if he's not your boyfriend, why'd you kiss him?  He kissed me.  And I should've told you.  I'm sorry if I hurt you, Peter.  I guess Larry just reminded me of a younger version of you,  and the truth is,  I liked that he was paying me a little attention,  the way you used to.  (SIGHS)  Maybe I have been taking you for granted,  but I promise I'll make it up to you.  I'll be the best husband ever.  You already are.  For God's sakes, when push came to shove,  you stood toe-to-toe with a much younger man and fought for me.  Oh, hey, by the way, uh, thanks, all my kids,  for stepping in to help.  Really, really appreciate that.  But you're right, Lois. I'm gonna change.  I'm gonna do all the stuff for you that Larry was doing.  No, Peter, I don't need any of that.  At our age, all I'm really looking for in a husband  is someone who wants to watch TV with me on a Saturday night  and isn't afraid to pop a zit on my back.  \"Afraid\"? I love doing that.  It's like bubble wrap  you get to have sex with every now and then.  I got a pretty good one going right now, Peter.  You always do, Lois.  I love you.  Mm.  NARRATOR: From that day forward, Peter and Lois never again  Ooh, nope, sorry, there's still another scene left.  Well, Peter, turns out your initial instinct was right.  You never should've let any of your children contact you.  You said it.  From now on, I'm making sure my sperm  stays right where it belongs: in the bathroom sink.  (LAUGHTER)   (LAUGHS LIKE PETER)  (LAUGHS LIKE PETER)  (ALL LAUGHING LIKE PETER)  (PETER'S VOICE): We have fun down here.   Peter, come on, time to get dressed  for our Valentine's Day dinner.  We don't want to be late for our reservation.  Reservation?  Yeah. I decided we're going someplace nice this time.  Not like last year when we went to the Outback Steakhouse,  but it's \"out\" as in the gay way.  We'll get to the specials, but first, I need to tell you  I'm gay.  The hell you are!  No waiter of mine is gonna be gay!  Peter, please. He's our waiter.  He's the only waiter we have.  Lois, our waiter is dead to us.  We have to focus all our attention on our hostess now.  He-he just needs a little time.  (WEAKLY): Scott  I'm finally ready to hear the specials.  Well, happy Valentine's Day, Lois.  Let's have a dying marriage side-face kiss.  Mwah.  Well, I better set out a can of tuna fish and a cigar  for Arthur Valentine.  I can't wait to see what he brings me.  Uh, you want to tell us what the holy hell that was?  (SIGHS) I'm afraid it's something we made up  that we finally need to deal with.  You see, years ago, when Chris was in preschool  (CRYING)  Peter, poor Chris didn't get a single valentine today  from any of his classmates.  What? Why not?  Apparently, he's not well liked.  Some of the kids think he's weird  because he takes his shirt off to pee.  Yeah, I taught him that. That's also called \"peeing.\"  Pee? Pee now?  No. No, Chris.  (CRYING): Why no valentines?  Hey, hey, hey, stop crying, Chris.  Y-You're gonna  Y-You're gonna get tons of valentines.  I am? From who?  Um, from Arthur Valentine.  R-Really?  Yeah, yeah, that's right!  Who's Arthur Valentine?  Only the most magical man ever.  And he comes every Valentine's Day on-on a-a  a purple Vespa to, um  to bring candy and sweet notes to children  who've managed to not use any swears in the last year.  He does?  Uh-huh, and he has a long beard  Oh, and-and he's got an eye patch.  B-But not for medical reasons, he just likes the look.  Plus, he-he wears a Cat in the Hat hat  and sometimes a scarf, no matter what Lois says  because it gives him a youthful vibe  and adds some color to his face.  We were just trying to cheer Chris up.  I assumed he'd outgrow it in a few years,  but, Peter, it's time we have a talk with Chris.  We've got to put an end to this Arthur Valentine nonsense.  (SIGHS) Yeah, I guess you're right.  Well, I best be going anyway.  Donna and I are spending our Valentine's Day  in Johnnie Cochran pajamas, just caressing each other  in a very beige bedroom.  Yeah, and hopefully Bonnie and I'll  do a sexy bath night like last year.  It was amazing.  She laid out a trail of rose petals,  and I elbow-crawled to the sponge and shower chair.  I go down to the video store and put my hand on Love Actually  at the same time as a woman, and I go,  (LAUGHING): \"Oh, ho, ho, ho! Oh, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho!\"  What about you, Brian? What are your plans for Valentine's Day?  What? Oh, uh, no real plans, I guess.  Ha! Looks like Brian's the only guy with nothing going on.  Hey, you can come over to my house, Brian.  I thought you had that whole thing with Bonnie.  I do, but she needs help lifting me into the shower chair.  Good evening. I'm Tom Tucker.  Our top story, today the Quahog River was dyed red  in honor of Valentine's Day.  So if you're looking to do a river murder,  this could be your window.  (SLURRING): Stupid Hallmark holiday anyway.  Oh, hey, Bri. How's your night going?  I hope Rupert and I haven't been too loud up there.  - Happy Valentine's Day! - (CLANKING LOUDLY)  Oh, yeah, we're gonna go all night.  Just leave me alone, Stewie.  Well, Brian, if you're stuck being a single loser,  you might as well just embrace it.  Mmm. Oh, yeah. (GRUNTS)  Wait a minute. What am I thinking?  Chocolate is poisonous to dogs. I better stop or  - (POT CLANKING LOUDLY) - STEWIE: Happy Valentine's Day!  CLEVELAND: Stop the damn banging!  People are trying to have dignified relations!  Oh, boy, look!  Arthur Valentine brought me plates and a salt shaker!  Chris, Chris, settle down.  I-It's actually time your father and I  had a talk with you about Arthur Valentine.  Yeah, that's, uh, that's right.  Um, son  I'm afraid Arthur Valentine isn't real.  What? Not real? (CHUCKLES)  Then who leaves those notes with all the misspellings?  Well, first, Chris, English is a very fluid language.  We're sorry, but you're old enough now to know the truth.  He he doesn't exist.  (GASPS) No! You're both lying!  (SIGHS) What are we gonna do?  It seems like there's no getting through to him.  You know, if Chris is this hard to convince,  we may just have to kill Arthur Valentine.  What? What do you mean?  Maybe we make Chris believe that Arthur Valentine is dead.  Huh. Well, we just might have to.  Hey, what's the matter, Brian?  Have you fallen and can't get up?  Turns out, still using that joke is a felony.  Guess I better not drop the soap.  That one's the death penalty.  You were very lucky.  We managed to pump your stomach just in time.  Oh, thank God.  I had him pump my stomach, too. Doc, what was in there?  Well, it's a pretty extensive list.  I'm gonna need Billy Joel to help me out.  Lots of Legos, rubber bands, web-shooting Spider-Man   An old pet rock, an antique clock, a ton of red Play-Doh   Colored pencils, lots of nickels   Half a jar of Vlasic Pickles   Banjo strings, chicken wings, Cassingle by Skee-Lo   I didn't poop those items   They were in my tummy 'cause they all looked yummy   He didn't poop those items   He tried to eat 'em, so you shouldn't feed him.   (SONG ENDS)  Wow, that was great, Billy!  Hey, does anyone call you Bill Joel or William Joel?  Uh, no. Does anyone call you Petey Griffin?  No, they don't, because I'm an adult,  which is kind of what I was getting at.  Ugh. Who sends a Christmas card to their vet?  I know. It's so lame, right?  And did you see the lady outside with the empty cat carrier?  Ugh. Cry much?  Yeah. Yeah, I bet she actually thinks that thing loved her.  (CHUCKLES) Hey, I'm Brian.  Shake.  Nice to meet you. I'm Ellie.  What are you in for?  Uh, I got this small cut, and they wanted to bandage it  so I'd stop chewing the crap out of my foot.  Aw, that sucks. I love chewing the crap out of my foot.  I know, it's the best.  But while I was here, I also had to get  (DOG BARKING NEARBY)  (BOTH BARKING)  a prescription filled.  Listen, I got to go.  You want to continue this sometime?  Let me give you my number. It's on the back of here.  - It's this. - Got it.  See you around, Brian.  Definitely.  Bye, Ellie.  (GERMAN ACCENT): Is this the Veteran Aryan's office?  No, this is the veterinarian's.  I think you want the Veteran Aryan's Center next door.  Ah, I see the confusion. This must happen all the time.  We're ready for the German shepherd.  (GERMAN ACCENT): Ja, that would be me.  This is a very confusing lobby.  (CHUCKLING)  Hey. Hey.  You think you could be with me? Right here? In this place?  Oh, yeah, yeah, sorry. Sorry, Stewie.  It's-it's just  I met someone amazing the other day at the vet's office, and  Well, she's actually a dog.  And it's so great dating someone who understands  why it's especially important to walk around in a circle  many, many times before lying down.  So, that's who you were texting with?  Sort of. I-I was just rereading some of the texts  I already sent her.  (CHUCKLES) That's good.  You're rereading your own texts?  Yeah, do you, do you not do that?  Nobody does that.  Golden Eagle to Red Shrew. Ready for the plan?  Come in, Red Shrew.  LOIS (OVER WALKIE): Peter, we did not decide on those names.  Chris, come down here, quick! I see Arthur Valentine outside!  I think he's come to say hi!  Really?!  Yeah, look.  Oh, my God. Hi, Arthur!  I love you so much, and I haven't cussed once today!  Dad, get the bowl of tuna from under my bed!  (SCREAMS) Arthur!  Oh, my God, he's dead.  He's dead!  (SOBBING LOUDLY)  Mission accomplished, Red Shrew. Over and out.  Huh. That looks tasty.  Little walkie-talkie piece.  God, I forgot how much I love art.  Hey, who's your favorite artist?  Me? Uh  (STAMMERS)  You know, I really like, uh, that Jackson \"Polack.\"  You know, I-I know they're not supposed to be that bright,  but that was, that was pretty genius, you know?  I mean, leave it, leave it to a Polack to just grab the paint  with his hands and just start chucking it everywhere.  I mean, it's great.  It's pronounced \"Pollock.\" (CHUCKLES)  But, Brian, you don't have to keep trying so hard  to impress me.  I already really like you.  You do? Thanks.  I-I really like you, too, Ellie.  Truth is, I haven't felt this way with anyone in a long time.  Listen, I'm really sorry to cut things short,  but I've got to go; I have rehearsal.  - Oh, what, for a play? - No.  It's kind of dumb, but it's for a dog show.  Oh, you're a show dog?  No wonder you have such a perfectly coiffed anus.  Thank you.  No, thank you. It's perfect.  I mean, I God, I-I bet every time you go snaffling on it,  you have to stop and admire it.  Come on, now, Brian.  A lady has to have a few secrets.  Man, she is something else.  This must be how Ronald Reagan felt about Nancy.  Nancy, will you make me the happiest man in the world  by turning a blind eye to the AIDS crisis  and ineffectually trying to warn young people about drugs?  Yes!  Oh, yes, Ronnie! Yes!  SINGERS:  If you're too young   Those are both things she did!   Peter, I'm really worried about Chris.  The shock of seeing Arthur Valentine die  seems to have really gotten to him.  I-I've never seen him so depressed and catatonic.  Well, you know, in Awakenings,  Robin Williams tossed a baseball to Robert De Niro,  and he snapped out of it and caught it.  M-Maybe we do that.  Chris, you doing okay?  It's Mom and Dad.  We thought we'd Awakenings!  Peter, I'm not sure that's  Awakenings!  You're gonna hurt him if you  Awakenings!  Peter, knock it off.  I never thought Chris would take things so hard.  I think we went too far by killing Arthur Valentine.  We have to bring him back to life.  What? Are you serious?  It's the only thing that'll snap him out of it.  Well, maybe, but what if I try it with a basketball?  Awakenings!  Oh, God, that broke his nose.  He didn't even flinch. It's bad. Let's do your thing.  Let's-let's twirl some toilet paper up into his nose,  and-and then when we'll-we'll do your thing.  Wow, thanks again.  What a nice dinner.  I'm so lucky to have met you, Brian.  You're such an amazing guy.  I'd say we're both lucky.  Oh, no, no, no, wait!  (SIGHS) Don't-don't do that.  What-what? What's the matter?  Oh, brutal.  Yeah, that's gonna be a terrible car ride, man.  I would hate to be you, and I'm me.  I'm really sorry, Brian.  It's not that I don't want to kiss you.  I smell the poop on your breath, and then that's all I want,  but my owners made an arrangement  with the organizers of the next dog show.  They paid a lot of money to schedule me to breed  with whichever male dog wins the competition.  What, like like breed breed?  I know it might seem odd to you,  but this happens in the dog show world.  I have to have sex with whichever male dog wins,  whoever that ends up being.  Stewie, we're entering a dog show!  - Where's Stewie? - STEWIE (MUFFLED): He ate me!  - I ate him. -  He ate Stewie, holy crap   Family Guy will be right back!   All right Brian, now if we're going to get you  ready to compete in that dog show,  we've got a lot of training to cover.  Let's begin by doing some work with the clicker.  - (CLICKER CLICKS) - Oh, yeah, I've seen these.  You click it when you want me to do a trick,  and then I get a treat, so I associate the two.  No. I use it to punctuate my jokes.  Now, Brian you've got to roll over and be good on all fours.  If Nathan Lane can do it, so can you.  - (CLICKER CLICKS) - Okay. (CHUCKLES)  But maybe we should just focus on getting ready for the show.  Well, look who wants to be prepared.  - You're a regular Beagle Scout. - (CLICKER CLICKS)  Wait, shouldn't I be the one who clicks if I like the joke?  You can't just click after everything you say.  If it's funny, I can. And so far, they've all landed.  Unlike the planes on 9/11.  See? No click.  That one was in poor taste. Not funny.  You know, I was supposed to be on one of those planes.  Yeah, me, too.  Um, yes. Brian Griffin.  ELLIE: Brian?  What are you doing here?  (CHUCKLES): Oh, hey!  Uh, you know, I You-you just made dog shows  sound so fun the other day, I-I thought I'd give it a try.  Who knows? Maybe I'll end up top dog.  And on top of you. (CHUCKLES)  - (CLICKER CLICKS) - Thanks, Stewie.  Brian, most of these dogs have been training since birth.  Are you sure you're ready for this?  You bet I am. I've never been so prepared.  I'm a regular Beagle Scout.  (BOTH LAUGHING)  That's hilarious.  Good luck, Brian.  (LAUGHS)  Chris, you got to snap out of this.  I mean, I've been where you're at.  (QUIETLY): Listen, I've never told anyone this,  but I killed a jaywalker in 2002.  She looked old, but she was only 51.  I mean, back then, that was old to me.  It's why I always talk and ask questions so much.  When there's any moment of quiet, I think about her.  That's why all mothers do that.  Every mother has killed someone.  Now drink your ginger ale.  Hey, hey, hey!  It's Arthur Valentine,  here to accelerate awkwardly into a bush.  Damn it!  Arthur  Valentine?  Chris! You're okay!  But I saw him die.  That can only mean one thing.  He must be a zombie!  What? No! No, no. What?!  (YELLING)  (SCREAMS) Stop!  What the hell are you doing?!  (SCREAMS)  I've seen The Walking Dead!  I have to destroy your brain  and then talk about it for the next hour!  - Chris, take it easy! - Get off of him!  - You're gonna kill me! - It's not what you think!  Dad?  But I don't  I How did  I'm not Arthur Valentine, son.  We're so sorry, Chris.  Now do you understand?  There is no Arthur Valentine?  We never meant to hurt you, buddy.  JOE: Valentine's Day would take on new meaning for Chris  in the years to come,  but he would remember none so bittersweetly as this one.  This is Joe Swanson, signing off.  BONNIE: Joe, your mom died.  Seriously?  How you doing? You feeling good?  Because this thing is gonna come down to the arbitrary whims  of whatever elderly volunteers  were able to get transportation here on a Tuesday.  Yeah, I Hey, watch it!  The hell's his problem?  Careful. That's your competition.  His name's Max.  He's a four-time winner and kind of a crowd favorite.  (APPLAUSE)  ANNOUNCER: Okay, who wants to start the dog show?  - Who wants to start it? - (DOGS BARKING)  Yes, you all want to start the dog show, don't you?  Don't you? (VOCALIZING IN BABY VOICE)      (APPLAUSE)  ANNOUNCER: That'll do it for the males.  And as our judges tabulate the results,  we can now announce our female division.  The winning bitch, for the tenth year in a row,  is Katherine Heigl!  - (CLICKER CLICKS) - Thank you, thank you.  No, but for real, it's that dog Ellie over there.  (APPLAUSE)  And our winner in the male division is  Brian Griffin!  - (APPLAUSE) - Yes!  Man, thank you for all your help, Stewie.  I really couldn't have done it  What the What's going on?  (DOGS BARKING IN DISTANCE)  This-this is it?  It's happening right here? Right now?  Uh-huh. They have to certify the union, Brian.  Stud is ready to mount.  Please turn up the lights.  What? No! No, the opposite!  In fact, could someone maybe turn on  some-some Drake or The Weekend?  Ha! He's blowing it! He can't do it!  Quagmire?! What are you doing here?  Oh, I have an all-access pass  to anything in this town that's sex-related.  Offering manual assistance.  Commencing union.  Okay, okay, thanks, man, but, yeah, no,  I-I got this, I got this.  If-if you just-just give me a second to get, like,  a scenario in my head.  Uh, maybe a hot babysitter who needs to pay for college  - so she, uh - (DOGS BARKING)  Can somebody please shut those dogs up?!  This specimen is unable to perform.  Please bring in the boxer.  ELLIE (GRUNTING): I'm sorry, Brian, but this is  what I was trying to tell you.  I'm sorry, too, but I see now that you were right.  I'm just not sure how this could work  or-or how our relationship could fit into your world.  QUAGMIRE: Hey, less talk!  I guess this is good-bye.  ELLIE: I guess it is.  I'll always remember you, Brian.  And I'll always remember you, Ellie.  (GRUNTING): I promise to name one of the puppies after you.  Let's just cross our fingers (PANTING)  it's not one of the ones he eats.  Thanks. That means a lot  Okay, we're at the part where he bites down  on the back of my neck, so we should probably wrap this up.  Yup.  Whoa! Max's grandfather may have been a horse.  Come on, let's just go home.  Okay.  Is this the romantic ending you were hoping for?  Look, that was a tricky situation, all right?  The lights, the people watching.  If-if it hadn't been for all that, I  trust me, I-I would've, I would've set her world on fire.  No way. You didn't even start the fire.  Oh, no.  Nancy Reagan, preschool Chris   Sey valet, young Lois   German guy, lots of dogs   Arthur Valentine   We didn't write an ending   So we're all together, trying to make it better   They didn't write an ending   But what the heck? I'll still take the check   The check, the check.   (SONG ENDS)  Mom killed a jaywalker.   What are you doing to Dad?  What? I'm going to the grocery store.  Okay, you remember Memento? That.  Don't forget the cucumbers, Peter.  All right. Where's that?  Oh, hey, right, 'cause of that thing we started doing.  By the way, speaking of which, best \"O\" ever.  I felt dirty for an hour, but it's gone now.  Now I just can't wait for night.  I wish you hadn't said that at full volume  in front of our children.  I can't tell if they have a really good marriage  or a really bad one.  I feel like it's weird but strong.  Like Danny Trejo.  Thank you for noticing.  You ready for movie marathon day, Rupert?  Ah, I was born ready, too.  All right, time for Fast and the Furious  one through seven.  All right, let's get (BLEEP) high.  You can't be high for this, Brian.  This is serious stuff.  This is a 14-hour meditation  on the importance of family, fast cars,  product placement, racial ambiguity and family.  Where's eight? Didn't that one just come out?  Someone said they were going to get me eight  on Blu-ray for my birthday,  and someone got me a limited edition  Michael Kors pebbled leather tote bag instead.  - You love that bag. - I know. You're the best.  Okay, put in Fast 6.  You're starting with six?  Um, yeah. We're going in order from best to worst.  Six, five, seven, three I know that's controversial  One, four, two.  By the way, don't tell Rupert  about Paul Walker being D-E-A-D.  He doesn't know.  All right. So, what's the plot?  Oh, you don't understand these movies.  (TIRES SQUEALING OVER TV)  What was that, Rupert?  Oh, yes.  Yes.  No.  I don't know. Maybe? Maybe bi?  That's Ludacris. That's not Tyrese.  What are you talking about? They look nothing alike.  Ludacris looks like a human peanut,  and Tyrese looks slick.  He looks like a Chinese black.  Like Africa and Asia had sex  while Europe sat on a chair  in the corner of the hotel room and watched.  Ludacris, human peanut. Tyrese, Chinese black.  Are you gonna keep talking like this during the whole thing?  What? I'm answering Rupert's questions.  Now we're gonna have to rewind.  We just missed the scene where half the team steals a tank  while the other half pretends to be a DJ for some reason.  - Damn it. - Yeah, okay.  - I'm going to the bar. - Suit yourself.  Rupert and I are just fine without you.  (DOOR CLOSES)  (LAUGHS) You're right.  I bet he is on his period.  Whatever that means.  La, la, la, la. Stop, stop, stop, stop.  Gross, gross, gross. Ew, ew, ew.  No, no, no. No. Ew. Ew.  A loaf of bread, a container of milk  and a stick of butter.  A loaf of milk, a container of bread  and a Joe Dirt DVD.  A Joe Dirt DVD, Scarlett Johansson  and treasure from a fish tank.  P.A. ANNOUNCER: Attention, shoppers.  Beloved cereal icon Boo Berry  is now greeting customers in aisle six.  (GASPS) Boo Berry?  The Boo Berry?  Are there imposter Boo Berries?  Hey, watch it.  Oh, Mr. Boo Berry, I'm your biggest fan.  You're not the one threatening me  on Facebook, are you?  No, no. No, not-not you. Not you.  Hey, you know what I always loved about your cereal?  It tasted like blueberries.  Oh, my God. Boo Berries.  And you're and you're a ghost.  'Cause So that-that's the \"boo.\"  Did you guys know you were doing that? Oh, my God.  - Anyway, can I shake your hand? - Sure.    (GASPS)  I've been touched by greatness.  I am never washing this hand again.  This is the best thing to happen to me  since I became a wisecracking,  fourth-wall-breaking superhero.  Call me Redstool.  The treatment didn't give me powers,  but it did spread cancer to my anus.  Just call me anus   Of the morning   Anus   Just touch my cheek   Before you leave me   Anus   This violence juxtaposed to music   Anus   Decapitation   In slow-motion   Anus.   (ACTION MUSIC PLAYS ON TV)  (YAWNS)  Sorry, Rupert. I think I'm down for the count.  You okay if I go to bed?  Oh, I like that we're comfortable doing things separately, too.  Good night.  Do me a favor and don't wake me when you come up, though.  Yes, you do. You always step on the creaky board.  Yes, you do. Every time.  No, you're being a little bitch.  Don't go to bed angry.  Don't go to bed angry.  Defuse. Defuse.  Rupert, I'm sorry.  I overreacted.  Now you say you're sorry.  What do you mean, \"For what\"?  I hate you!  (GROANS)  I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.  I love you. I value you.  We're not escalating. It's fine.  I'll see you in the morning.  Good night.  (BIRDS CHIRPING)  VIN DIESEL: Hi, this is Vin Diesel.  Welcome to the DVD menu.  Why don't you grab yourself a Corona,  hit play and enjoy the ride.  Hi, this is Vin Diesel.  Welcome to the DVD menu.  Oh, boy, you're hungover.  How are you going to do nothing today?  Oh, my God.  Rupert?  (SNORING)  No! Rupert!  Rupert!  Hi, this is Vin Diesel.  Oh, man, did your friend kill your other friend?  That's betrayal.  That's not strong.  Danny Trejo is strong.  Aw. (CHUCKLES) Come on, guys.  This is getting embarrassing.    Murderer!  You killed Rupert.  Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.  Hey, whoa. Hey, what's going on?  You killed my best friend is what's going on.  Oh. Uh-oh.  Bear-killing bastard.  Oh, my God. Stewie, I am so sorry.  I-I was drunk. It was an accident.  I must have thought he was a chew toy.  So? If you were driving drunk and ran him over,  would you still go to jail?  Yes! You killed him.  Let me make it up to you, please.  How about you kill something I love?  How about I do that?  Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Okay.  Okay, that's-that's fine. That's fair.  No, I-I meant, like-like  like my favorite tennis ball.  You're comparing Rupert to a tennis ball?  What is wrong with you?  No wonder you two never got along.  He always knew there was something off about you,  and now we know what it was. You're a psycho!  - Stewie, I didn't mean to - Shut up!  - You don't understand. I - Shut up.  Stop trying. It's over.  Look at me. Watch. See what I'm doing?  Twitter: unfollow.  Instagram: unfollow.  Snapchat: unfollow.  And there we go. Done.  We are not friends anymore.  - But, Stewie - Bye.  Dikembe Mutombo, will you do the thing?  Brian, you are blocked.  (LAUGHS)    Why are you brushing your teeth with your left hand?  Can't risk the right getting wet, Lois.  Boo Berry touched it, and it is now a sacred space, like a temple.  Okay. Well, I'm gonna have middle-aged woman,  boobs-falling-off-to-the-side sleep now.  (SNORES)  Hey, Chris, have you seen  What, uh what-what are you doing?  Operating my thriving quinceañera dress business.  Do me a favor, stand on that chair?  Uh, okay.  So, what's up?  I'm looking for Stewie. He and I had a fight,  and I'm scared he might've done something drastic.  Him? (CHUCKLES)  You're the one who killed his friend.  Okay, I see he got to you before I did.  It's a stuffed animal, Chris.  Yeah, well, he cremated that stuffed animal,  and he's going to Vermont to scatter the ashes.  What? I got to go after him.  Not until I finish fitting this.  How you feeling? Bueno? Fits good?  This isn't mine.  Do you or do you not feel bonita?  I feel bonita.  Wonderful, because you look bonita.  Gracias, cariña, puedes recogerlo el miércoles.  Pablo is gonna lose his mind.  Mwah.  Stewie!  Hmm. Well, violent murderers  can often be found at bus stations,  so why am I surprised?  You can't go to Vermont alone.  I'm not. Got Rupert with me.  He and I had an agreement,  if he died first, I would scatter his ashes on a mountain.  If I died first, he would throw my body whole  into the fountain at the Bellagio.  I don't care. I'm coming with you.  Well, you're not going to sit with me.  Oh, come on. If I don't, I'll get stuck  next to that guy with the heavy hands.  Hi, doggy.  (GROANS)  (CHUCKLES) Serves you right.  And a baby.  (GROANS)  (BIRD SQUAWKING)    I can hear you following me.  - Good. - I swear to God,  do not take one step further,  or I will hit you.  That's it!  (GRUNTS)  Leave! Me! Alone! Murderer!  Stewie, stop! Stop, all right?  Look, why are you being such a jerk over a stupid bear?  Don't you disrespect the dead!    (GROWLS)  Aah!  (GRUNTING)  Aah!  He's not dead! He was never alive!  You take those words back!  He wouldn't care! He didn't hear them! He's a doll!  He was my best friend!  I'm supposed to be your best friend.  Well, you're not!  You're a bloodthirsty, cold-hearted murderer!  Fine. You're right.  You know what? It wasn't an accident.  I knew he wasn't a chew toy.  I was sick of you talking to him all the time.  I was sick of you complaining to him about me  when I'm right there in the room.  And I was sick of always playing second fiddle to that bear!  He's not even real!  You did it  on purpose?  (YELLS)  (CHOKING)  (SCREAMING)  (GRUNTS)  Stewie!  (GRUNTS, STRAINING)  Oh, my God, Stewie!  (IMITATES BOMB EXPLODING)  Ah, I didn't know we were blowing it up.    Rupert! Where  Oh, there you are.  - Stewie, you're hurt. - It's just my ankle.  - It's not a big deal. - It's already swelling up.  - Just let me - Back off!  I'm doing this on my own. For Rupert.  (GRUNTING)  (SIGHS) Damn it, Stewie, just  just sit there, will ya?  I'll-I'll get us up.  I didn't want your help.  Well, you need it, so it's happening.  This isn't going to make me forgive you, you know.  That's fine.  I'm going to say uncomplimentary things  - about your ass the whole way. - Go ahead.  You know, maybe it's appropriate that you're my ride up.  Rupert always called you my \"bitch.\"  Want to know some of the other things he called you?  Fat Lassie.  Scooby-Don't.  Rin Tin Twink.  Poopy Snoopy.  Marma-dookie.  Clifford the Big Red Sphincter That We See All the Time  Because You Don't Put Your Tail Down.  Snoop Doggy Dick.  Hey, guys.  (BIRDS CHIRPING, THUNDER CRASHING)  - What the hell is that? - My Boo Berry hand.  I swore I'd never wash it again,  even though Lois keeps telling me to.  You should listen to her.  Yeah, Peter, that's disgusting.  - Oh, yeah? Take that! - Aah!  (GIGGLES) That started happening yesterday.  To the bathroom!  We got to get him to wash that hand.  Yeah. I'll text Lois,  see if we can't all come up with something.  Just reply to that last GIF she sent  of the sloth putting on the headphones.  (CHUCKLES)  I love that one.  Is it weird that we're in a group text  with our friend's wife but not our friend?  No, what's weird is that your Bitmoji can walk.  I'm allowed to have legs in the phone world!  (WIND WHISTLING)  You know, once we're done here, I'm never speaking to you again.  Well, how the hell was I supposed to know  it was gonna upset you so much?  How? How?!  You saw me spend almost every single minute  of every single day with Rupert since I was born!  And you don't up-up, hang on, hang on.  Another hiker going by.  One of us is going the wrong way. Heh.  Ha-ha-ha! When are they gonna put in the elevator, right?  Ha-ha-ha.  I loved Rupert!  He was the most important thing in my life,  and you willfully violated the sanctity and trust  of our friendship when you destroyed him!  Stewie I just don't get it.  You're so mature in so many ways.  You're you're the smartest person in the house.  You're incredibly perceptive.  You're wiser than people 40 times your age.  Why is Rupert the one baby thing you're hanging onto?  Why are you so upset over a doll  when I'm real and I'm still here?  Because Rupert was going to be with me forever!  He wasn't ever going to leave!  So what? I'm not leaving you, either.  Oh, really? Brian, let's be honest.  You're a middle-aged dog.  You don't have that many years left.  And one day, all too soon, I'm gonna be crying  at your funeral in an Armani suit,  and people are gonna be like, \"Oh, nice suit,\"  and I'm gonna be like, \"Why are you talking  about my awesome $2,000 suit my friend's dead!\"  Feels like that story is less about me  and more about your suit.  Go to hell! Besides, if you don't believe  Rupert was real, why are you so jealous of him?  Why does it bother you how upset I am?  That  is a very good point.  Damn right it is, you joyless, fake-wisdom-spouting  Hey. Heh. When are they gonna put in the elevator, right? Heh.  Yeah. That other guy said that to me.  Nice shorts.  For the record, I would have preferred  to dress as Frankenburry.  - That doesn't make any sense. - And this does?  If anything, we all three should've been  Snap, Crackle and Pop.  Yeah, we missed an opportunity there.  - It's fine. - We did this wrong!  Joe, it's fine. It's Cleveland, just ring the bell.  (DOORBELL RINGS)  (STILTED): Oh, I wonder who that could be.  I'll get it.  - Oh, my God! - Count Chocula!  That's right.  Silly rabbit, Count Chocula tastes grrreat!  Oh, it's an honor to meet you, sir.  (SCRUBBING)  Aah!  - Wh-What's happening? - We got you, Peter.  Yeah, there's a golf ball scrubber in there.  Just relax and let it happen.  No! No!  My miraculous tiny life-forms!  (RUMBLING)  (CREATURES CHITTERING)  (SCREAMING)  Where are we going, Father?  To a place better than this, son.  FATHER AND SON: Yay!    Well, Rupert, we made it.  It's beautiful up here.  So should should we just  sprinkle him around randomly, or?  Oh, don't be a savage, Brian. What is your problem?  We have to have the ceremony first.  Dearest Rupert,  we're here.  I never wanted this to happen,  and it happened far, far too soon.  But  (CRYING): I can't.  You you do it.  Wha What?  You give the eulogy. I'm too upset. I can't.  What am I supposed to say?  I don't know, Just just tell the truth.  Let-let Rupert know how important he is.  Okay, um  Rupert was  a-a great bear,  uh, a great, uh  - Power bottom. - Right, right, okay.  But most importantly of all, he was a great friend.  He was always there whenever Stewie needed him.  He was understanding.  He always listened.  He made Stewie a better person.  Stewie  and I are both  incredibly grateful for all the time we had with you,  and we wouldn't change a single moment.  Except the end.  Sorry about that.  Um, rest in peace, Rupert.    (WIND WHISTLING SOFTLY)  Thank you, Brian.  That was  that was beautiful.  (TAKES DEEP BREATH)  How do I   Say good-bye   To what we had?   The good times   That made us laugh   Outweigh the bad   I thought   We'd get to see forever   But forever's   Gone away   (HARMONIZING):  It's so hard   To say good-bye   -  To yesterday  - (RAISES PITCH):  To yesterday   Go up there, Brian.   Okay, Brian, now pour it out.  - What? - Pour it out, whatever you have.  Pour it out.  I have a Gatorade bottle full of pee from the bus.  Pour it out for Rupert.    - BOYZ II MEN:  I don't know  -  Ooh   Where this road   You're with Paul now, Rupert!  -  Is going  -  Ooh, ooh   -  To lead  -  Ooh   All I know   Is where we've been   And what we've been through   Ooh   Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh   If we get   To see tomorrow   Oh, oh, oh   I hope it's worth   All the wait   Ah, ah   It's so hard   To say good-bye   Bye   To yesterday   Day     Rupert! You've come back to me!  And I'll take   With me the memories   The memories   To be my sunshine   After the rain   It's so hard   To say good-bye   To yesterday   Day     - (SONG ENDS) - (BELL DINGS)         Send in Stewie, please.  Oh, I can go in now?  Oh, fantastic. He's ready. Marvelous.  Thank you, Barbara.  I hope you get those Adele tickets.  You deserve them.  She won't get them. No way.  She needed to get them, like, a month ago.  So, um, is that me over there?  - If you like. - Here we go.  I saw the kid who has cancer leave.  That must've been fun.  I don't know why his parents are still bringing him to school.  It's uncomfortable for everyone.  I've never seen him when he's not just thrown up.  Charming. This is charming.  It reminds me of the therapist's office Bethenny Frankel goes to  on The Real Housewives of New York City.  I hate her.  She looks like a wooden doll you'd find  in an Eastern European toy shop.  Oh, don't act like you don't know who she is.  Please, that doesn't impress me.  We live in the world.  We all know who Bethenny Frankel is,  whether we like it or not.  You know, I actually don't mind her.  And she's built quite a business for herself.  You have to hand it to her.  I don't mean to name-drop, but I kind of know Andy Cohen.  I guess I'm his type.  Which, of course, is very flattering.  He's outrageously successful.  He originally wanted me for The Rachel Zoe Project,  but I said no, so they went with Brad.  And now look that could've been me on Fashion Police  with Melissa Rivers 14 times a year.  Ah, well, hindsight.  I see the tissue box is empty.  Somebody was going through those like  well, tissues. (CHUCKLES)  Mm, I hope he didn't get cancer all over this seat.  Ugh. Yuck.  Bad luck.  Although I did hear Ryan Reynolds visited him.  Something to do with Deadpool, I guess.  So it's not all horrible.  If they don't give us a day off when he dies,  I'm gonna be so pissed.  Oh, look, you got your Dunkin' Donuts coffee.  I don't know why those cups always depress me.  It's-it's like you've already given up  before the day's even started.  You might as well tattoo \"Can't afford Starbucks\"  on your forehead.  What do I care, though?  None of my business.  I haven't heard of any of the schools you went to,  but I'm sure they were great.  I mean, you're here, right?  And why are you here, Stewie?  Uh, that was lame.  You seem to have a lot of strong opinions.  I do. Mostly because I come across a lot of dicks.  Or I guess I should say \"wankers.\"  We do like that word, hmm?  Or \"tosser,\" \"git,\" \"prat,\"  \"sod,\" \"chuffer.\"  Take your pick, eh, Dr. Pritchfield?  - \"We\"? - Yes, \"we.\"  I'm not following.  - The accent. - The accent?  You speak with a British accent.  Yes, I'm aware.  Well, I've often been told that I have a British accent.  Oh?  That's-that's all you're going to say? \"Oh\"?  What is it you'd like me to say, Stewie?  That I have a (BLEEP) British accent.  I apologize, but I can't hear it.  You mean to tell me you don't hear me speaking  - with a British accent right now? - No.  That's odd, because everybody else does.  Have you spent much time in Britain, then?  (QUIETLY): No, I haven't.  - Excuse me? - I said no!  But you're the absolute only person who hasn't noticed it.  Really? Everyone hears this?  Well, just the people who can understand me,  which you appear to be one of.  But that's too complicated to go into.  I'm not even sure I get it.  The point is, Stewie has a British accent.  That's, like, a known thing.  Ask anyone.  I'm afraid I don't hear it.  Yeah, you've said.  It sounds like it's very important  what other people think of you.  Oh, is-is that what it sounds like?  To me, it does, yes.  To you it does. I see, I see.  So after five minutes, you think you know me, is that it?  A little, perhaps.  I am trained, Stewie, to observe things  that give me an insight.  And, yes, I do feel I know you a bit.  You do feel you know me a bit. Mm-hmm. Okay.  All right, all right. Well, that's-that's fair.  Might I?  I'm not sure how this is going to help.  Indulge me.  Thank you.  I see you're on vacation in Rio de Janeiro in this photo  with your partner, I'm guessing.  Or is he your husband?  Yes, probably wanted to make it official, didn't you?  Never thought you'd see it in your lifetime.  Blah, blah, blah, blah.  At a quick glance, I'd say there's roughly  a 26-year age difference between the two of you.  Not quite large enough to raise eyebrows  while still giving you a younger mind to shape.  \"Oh, you mean you haven't seen All About Eve,  Gypsy, Valley of the Dolls?\" Et cetera.  And a younger body to make you feel more virile.  Taking into consideration the math,  he was probably born at a time  when the most popular name was  - Michael. - (GASPS)  From the dog-eared pages of that volume of Shakespeare,  I imagine you wooed Michael with a sonnet or monologue each day.  And no one had ever done anything so romantic  as reciting Shakespeare for Michael before.  And he was smitten.  While not as physically attracted to you  as you are to him, that's okay  You each bring something important to the relationship.  Isn't that what you believe, Dr. Pritchfield?  I see a prescription  for heart medication on that table.  My guess is you keep that at the office.  You don't want to worry Michael, you say to yourself,  even though the truth is it embarrasses you.  Your age, your mortality.  Best to keep appearing as vital as possible.  And no need to have reminders at home  of what's just around the corner, is there?  And your office is your haven,  since Michael doesn't work and is often at home,  perhaps as a result of a low-level depression  that you don't really want to get into with him.  Oh, he always planned to have a career,  but he could never settle on exactly what it was  he wanted to do.  And at first you liked having him at home  to take care of the house and plan trips.  So that's just what happened.  \"And that's a job, too,\" he reminds you over the years.  Michael likes to travel, and he prefers the finer things.  And you'd like to give them to him, wouldn't you?  But it's a bit difficult on a child psychologist's salary  at a Rhode Island preschool, I'd imagine.  Fortunately, you don't have children,  so you do have some disposable income.  Oh, you have talked about it with other couples,  just for show, probably at dinner  with younger friends of Michael's  who are starting a family,  you know, to be part of the conversation,  to feel included.  But you said you preferred your trips  and your rescue dog named after a character  most likely from Dickens.  Ah, how accomplished and affluent  you both look in this photo.  Just the image Michael is so desperate to project.  Let's look a little closer, shall we?  Now, I see you're both wearing Ralph Lauren Purple Label  dress shirts that retail starting at $495.  But from the disfigured button holes on one  and the small discoloration on the other,  I can see you bought them at the outlet in Providence.  Probably third markdown,  in which case, $49, give or take.  Since you also have light jackets on,  I can see that you went there during summer vacation,  which is, in fact, winter in Rio,  outside of the high tourist season.  And I see that you're on the rooftop pool deck  at the Fasano Hotel in Ipanema,  the most exclusive hotel in all of Brazil.  Michael would've been dying to stay there.  Had a friend that went with his older boyfriend,  who makes a lot of money in, most likely, banking,  much to your chagrin.  But even in August, it's almost $1,000 a night.  You tell him people are starving in the streets in Brazil.  How do you justify paying those prices?  When the truth is, you simply can't afford it.  It's for another class of gay people.  The window that Michael  is always desperately peering through  and sadly on the other side of.  But you do your best.  You don't go on Airbnb, because you don't trust it,  even though Michael has stories of friends  who have found the most fabulous places.  You like a hotel.  Besides, it's more romantic, you tell him.  But when you take him to the place you're actually staying,  the one you found on TripAdvisor that was rated number 27  of all the hotels in Rio  and was having a special rate of 295 U.S. dollars a night  Which is still not cheap, you remind him,  most people never get to visit half the places he's seen,  you tell him you can't help but feel like a bit of a failure  as you see the look of disappointment on his face  as he enters the room.  So you decide to go to the Fasano Hotel  for dinner and drinks. No, just drinks,  once you've seen the restaurant prices online.  And once there, you can see how Michael begins looking  at all the older men who can afford  to take their boyfriends I'm sorry, husbands  To such luxurious hotels.  And you worry a little, that you're diminishing  in his eyes with each passing year.  But you tell yourself you're being ridiculous,  as you see Michael glancing about the rooftop deck,  looking at all the young men,  men that would be 20 years younger than even Michael,  men that you're invisible to.  But he isn't yet, not completely,  and you're jealous and you loathe yourself for it.  But Michael wants a photo,  and he says, \"Let's take a selfie.\"  But you say, \"Let's ask someone to take one of us\"  and make some tired joke about selfies that only you laugh at,  wishing that you could take it out of the air  as soon as you've said it, as it's just one more indicator  that you're older than everybody here.  So Michael calls over a young man wearing a tiny swimsuit  to take the photo and makes a crude joke that embarrasses you.  But the young man laughs,  and he and Michael share a moment that you're not part of.  And you feel humiliated and unseen.  Which explains Michael's joyful grin  and your slightly disconnected half-smile.  And you've posted the photo on Facebook,  and Michael's posted it to his 86 followers on Instagram  You don't know how that one works  To at least give the impression,  in your Ralph Lauren shirts,  holding your $20 cocktails,  that you're both way more successful than you are.  But it makes you feel a little dirty,  the lengths you have to go to in order to keep Michael happy.  And every time you glance at this picture,  you wonder, \"How long before he leaves me?\"  See? I guess we both know each other a bit.  You seem like a very lonely little boy.  (SOBBING): Oh, my God, I am!  I'm so lonely!  (SOBBING)  Oh!  You can see inside my soul!  Oh, God!  (SOBBING)  (DOOR OPENS)  (SNIFFLING)  Thank you.  Thank you, Barbara.  Are you all right now, Stewie?  Yes, I think. (SNIFFLES)  You're very kind.  She's a gem, that one, you know.  I hope you appreciate her.  Try taking some deep breaths.  (INHALES, EXHALES DEEPLY)  (INHALES, SIGHS)  I do this sometimes in yoga.  (INHALES)  I take yoga.  (EXHALES, INHALES)  I have a sick body.  (EXHALES, INHALES)  (EXHALES)  I do I do feel a bit better.  But still lonely.  I'm sorry. It keeps spilling out.  (CRYING): Oh, God. Oh, God.  It seems like you're keeping a lot bottled up inside.  I am. Nobody here likes me, Dr. Pritchfield.  I try to fit in with the other boys  and talk about things like dirt and shapes,  but they won't play with me.  And I-I don't have any friends,  and I have nobody to eat lunch with.  It's very interesting you'd say that you have no friends,  Stewie, especially considering the reason you're here.  Oh. That.  Shall we talk about it?  I don't know what there is to talk about.  You pushed a classmate down the stairs.  It was an accident. Haven't you ever seen Showgirls?  Yes, of course I have. But according to Tyler,  it was no accident.  Well, I guess it's my word against his, then.  It is creating a bit of a con-trah-versy.  - Excuse me? - A con-trah-versy.  - I don't know what that is. - Con-trah-versy?  \"Con-trah-versy\"?  Oh! Oh, \"con-troversy.\"  Apologies. Those of us with British accents  pronounce it \"con-trah-versy.\"  But how would you know that?  Yeah, how would I know that?  Look, Dr. Pritchfield  \"Cee-cil,\" if I may?  It's pronounced \"Cess-il.\"  - Damn it! - But, again, how would you know?  - It's not as if you're - Okay, okay, we got it.  I only pushed Tyler down the stairs because I like him  and I'm afraid he won't like me back.  And-and not like him-like him. I'm not gay.  This whole thing isn't because I'm gay, so-so calm down.  I can already see you lickin' your chops.  I'm sure you live for the coming out sessions.  If anything, I'm less gay than I used to be.  Not that anybody at this school would care.  But do I think that Grant Gustin and I would make  the most adorable Instagram couple?  Yes. Yes, we would.  Grant Gustin plays the Flash on the CW, if you were wondering.  Because, you know, most people over 70  probably don't know who he is.  Think young Anthony Perkins.  Ah. Oh.  There we go.  Anyway, \"fluid\" is something I hear  being tossed around a lot now.  But I'm confident in my heterosexuality.  - That's a word, right? - Yes, of course.  Okay, just sounded strange for a second.  It must be difficult for you, Stewie, being so intelligent.  It is.  Whew! Just that  just that acknowledgment.  You know, sometimes I don't know where I fit in.  I just I just want to be like everybody else,  but nobody's interested in the things that I'm interested in.  They think I'm weird.  And I'm so anxious all the time,  but I I always put on a brave face and try to hide it,  and I I give myself these excruciating migraines.  I actually have way more hair than this,  but I pull it out.  I'm sorry, now I'm getting all worked up again.  I'm worse than Bethenny Frankel on her period.  I don't why I keep bringing her up.  I j it's just I think about her a lot.  Well, what are the things you're interested in, Stewie?  Me? Well, I like to talk about world domination.  Some people don't think I talk about it enough anymore,  but mind your own beeswax is what I say to them.  I also like to talk about musicals.  It's hard to find someone who can converse  on one of those topics, let alone both.  And I really, really, really want to see Hamilton,  but by the time it gets here, I'll be 30.  I think I'm still the only one in town who's even (HICCUPS)  heard of it, and it's been out for over two years.  Which just makes me even more (HICCUPS) depressed.  How do you live in a place like that?  Quahog. What a pile of garbage.  And I've even memorized some of the songs,  but I have no one to sing it for, and I'm really good.  - Do you want to hear it? - Oh. Um  Y-You mean now?  I really I really need you to hear me sing Hamilton.  (CRYING): I'm so good. Why can't I be on Broadway?  I want to be on Broadway.  I want the world to fall in love with me eight times a week.  I'd love to hear you sing.  Okay, okay, now I'm nervous.  If it's not good this time, just remember it was good at home.  Don't look at me while I start.  It's hard.  It's a lot of words very fast.  Like Gilbert and Sullivan, but for Hispanics.  (TAKES DEEP BREATH)  (RAPPING):  How does a bastard orphan   Son of (HICCUPS) a whore   And a Scotsman dropped in the middle   Of a forgotten spot in the Caribbean   By providence impoverished in squalor grow up to be   A hero and a scholar?  (HICCUPS)  The ten dollar Founding Father without a father   Got a lot farther by working a lot harder   By being a lot smarter   By being a self-starter  (HICCUPS)  By 14, they placed him in charge of a trading charter   And every day while slaves were being slaughtered   And carted away across the waves  (HICCUPS)  He struggled and kept his guard up   Inside, he was longing for something to be a part of   The brother was ready (HICCUPS) to beg, steal   Borrow or barter   Then a hurricane came and devastation reigned   Our man saw his future drip  (HICCUPS)  Dripping down the drain, put a pencil to his temple   Connected it to his brain   And he wrote his first refrain   A testament to his pain   (SNIFFLES)  (HICCUPS, SNIFFLES)  (HICCUPS)  Well, the word got around   And they said, \"This kid is insane, man\"   Took up a collection just to send him to the mainland   (HICCUPS)  Get your education   Don't forget from whence you came   And the world's gonna know your name   What's your name, man?   Alexander Hamilton  (HICCUPS)  My name is Alexander Hamilton   And there's a million things I haven't done   But just you wait, just you wait.   (HICCUPS)  That's all I've learned so far.  Well done!  You're a very special little boy, Stewie.  I saw you check your watch.  That was a bit emotional for you, wasn't it?  But it felt good. Like-like, I got so much out, you know?  - Would you like a cup of tea? - I would love a cup of tea.  It's hot already?  Yes, it's an electric kettle.  We don't have that at our house.  My mother boils water in an old Jiffy Pop tin.  She's just a useless old slut.  Hey, my hiccups are gone!  If you liked Tyler and you wanted to be friends with him,  then why did you push him down the stairs?  Oh. I I don't know.  Can I tell you a story about another little boy?  Um, okay.  When I was your age, I grew up in London  - when the Blitz had just ended. - Good God, how old are you?  Our neighborhood was reduced to rubble.    And in the chaos, I searched desperately for my parents.  Mum. Mum.  Mother. Mother.  Mum. Mummy.  Mummy. Mummy. Mummy.  Mummy. Mum. Mother.  - STEWIE: Don't. - PRITCHFIELD: Don't what?  STEWIE: You know what.  PRITCHFIELD: But Mother was nowhere to be found.  And neither was Father.  You see, I was the sole survivor of my family.  So I was sent to live with an aunt in Cornwall.  But she had too many mouths of her own to feed, so  I was next sent to a distant cousin in Northumberland.  But she didn't care for children,  and off again I went,  this time to an orphanage in Gloucestershire.  But they didn't like little boys  from London in Gloucestershire.  Or from Cornwall or Northumberland.  So I pretended I was from Shropshire, of all places.  And eventually, I became friends with six boys:  Sebastian, Declan, Flibbit, Pipadoodle,  Scudger and Nonsenseword.  And together, we traveled  STEWIE: Okay, before you say another name of anything,  I'm going to have to stop you.  - Yes? - I'm only here for 40 minutes,  and this is already a really long story  with a lot of locations.  And I don't feel like waiting to see how it links up to my thing.  The point of the story is,  I know what it's like to feel alone  and to have to pretend that you're something you're not.  Oh, and also, how my first kiss was with a Nazi.  See? We didn't need to go back 1,000 years for that.  And I don't pretend I'm something I'm not.  - I never said that. - You just said it.  I might have implied it.  I suppose the question is why you feel the need to do that.  I I don't know.  I-I guess I hadn't realized it before.  Maybe I'm worried nobody's going to like me.  Lois left a tissue in the dryer again.  And these are my only pants. How sad is that?  When I was in the orphanage, my Sunday shoes were potatoes.  Well, you win that one.  Look, I'm different, Dr. Pritchfield.  I'm not like the other kids.  I realized that when you picked up that photo  and decimated my entire life.  Sorry. It's kind of a parlor trick of mine.  Have you ever thought of just being yourself  Your real self And then see what happens?  I I don't think I know how.  Everything about me is this carefully-constructed persona  designed to keep people at arm's length.  This isn't even how I really talk.  (WITH AMERICAN ACCENT): This is. This is how I talk.  The accent is-is nothing more than an affectation,  a-a coat of armor to get me through the day,  just an image I cultivated so I could feel special.  (EXHALES)  Wow. What a relief.  For once, to talk with my real voice  without the the burden  of trying to sound like someone I'm not.  - What do you mean by that? - Well, this is my real voice.  I don't hear a difference.  (IN PETER'S VOICE): How about now? You freakin' hear that?  (AS QUAGMIRE): What about now? Sound different? Giggity?  (AS BRIAN): What about now?  (AS TOM TUCKER): Coming up now, this voice.  (AS SEAMUS): Ahoy. It's me.  (AS ROGER): And I'm a gay alien.  I'm sorry. That just all sounds like the same person.  Well, Stewie, that was quite a breakthrough we just had.  How do you feel?  (IN AMERICAN ACCENT): I feel relieved,  like a weight has been lifted.  I-I can finally be myself.  I like this Stewie.  I hope he stays for a while.  I-I've never been vulnerable to anyone before.  You're the only one who's ever met the real me.  Well, I'm honored, and now,  the rest of the world is going to meet him.  Yes. Yes, that's right.  There's no going back now!  I'm gonna talk to Tyler. I'm gonna make friends.  I'm gonna be a normal boy!  Yes, you are.  You're finally going to be just like everybody else.  Wha-what? Say-say that again.  You're finally going to be just like everybody else.  But But I don't  (IN HIS BRITISH ACCENT): I don't want to be like everybody else.  What do you mean?  I-I don't want to be like them.  Like any other zero in this miserable town, like my family.  I won't do it! I don't want to be like any other person!  Like you skiing in  Please don't pick up that photo.  I want to remain what I've always been  Superior, brilliant, special.  Oh, God, what was I thinking?!  I'm never going to lift the veil, ever.  Nobody will ever know the real me.  My accent's back, by the way.  It was a very dramatic moment.  If you say so.  Now, let's talk about (GROANING)  Stewie, can you hand me my heart medication, please?  Of course!  Except  there's one person that does know the real me,  and that's you.  I don't understand.  Why aren't you getting my medication?  (INHALES SHARPLY) Mm, yeah.  Listen, you're not gonna like this.  Please, there's not much time.  I'd like to, really I would, and you were super helpful,  and this this kind of seems like a crummy way to repay you,  but I'm not going to get it.  Is this because I made you wait?  It's because I can't have anyone know the real me.  And so, you must die.  I guess that's what happens in therapy, though.  No, it's not!  Ah, you're right. That didn't make much sense.  Not to sound ghoulish,  but any indication how much longer you're going to linger?  I'm not sure.  (GASPING) I think it's different for everyone.  Yeah, because you're still pretty chatty, is  is why I'm wondering.  Don't do this, Stewie!  It will stay with you forever.  Mm, yeah, not worried. For me, this is kind of no bigs.  Barbara! Barbara!  Oh, didn't you hear her go to lunch?  It was like an orchestra of squeaky chair springs  and groaning floorboards playing her out.  So this is how you leave me.  Sowwy.  \"Eyes, look your last!  \"Arms, take your last embrace.  \"And lips, O, you,  \"the doors of breath, seal with a righteous kiss,  a dateless bargain to engrossing death!\"  (GROANS)  Macbeth?  Romeo and Juliet.  But I wouldn't expect you to know,  since you're not in any way  (WHEEZING)  British.  (GROANS)  I feel less bad.  (PHONE RINGING)  You've reached the office of Dr. Cecil Pritchfield.  Please leave a mess-age.  That one can't be right.  - (BEEP) - It's Michael. I want a divorce.  This is not your day.  (SCREAMS)  Hey, you okay?  Yes, Rupert just had a nightmare, that's all.  Go sleep on the floor where you belong, whore!  - All right, well - Hey hey, Bri?  Yeah?  Would you mind maybe sleeping with me tonight?  - Sure. - Thanks.  Good night, Stewie.  'Night, Brian.  - Brian? - Yeah?  I did something awful.  Do you want to talk about it?  No.NA   Ah, the Aiwa Double Tape Deck.  The Waldorf and Statler of every thrift store.  (IMITATING WALDORF): The selection here stinks.  (IMITATING STATLER): Yeah, and so do the customers.  (LAUGHING LIKE WALDORF AND STATLER)  (GIGGLES)  Jim Henson died of treatable pneumonia.  Hey, Brian, remember Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants?  They have the magic girl-power jeans.  Holy crap, what happened?  I don't know. I-I think I turned into America Ferrera.  I don't want this. Help! Someone, help!  Looking passable, Stewie.  Looking damn passable.  Aw, crap, people we know. You know the drill.  We're donating, not buying. (FORCED CHUCKLE)  Just doing our part to give back to the community.  I'm gonna go wait in the alley.  Could you just ball them up and throw them out the window?  Putting on strangers' hats is always a good idea.  - Thank you for your service. - Huh?  My father's a veteran, too.  Thank you for protecting us and for posting revenge porn  on Marine Corps message boards.  Oh, actually, I'm not  I'm gonna start a trend of interrupting your sentences.  Well, no, it's just a hat. I didn't  Thank you for your service.  Bless you and all of our veterans.  No, guys, I-I'm not really a vet  I don't have time to hear the rest of your sentence,  but thank you for being a veteran  because you're definitely a veteran.  And I'm Cris Collinsworth from NBC Sunday Night Football.  On behalf of all TV football dummies,  thank you for your service.  You're-you're welcome.  Wow. Feels real good to be a veteran,  even better than buying a bottle of Newman's Own.  This makes me a good person.  (COMPUTER CHIMES)  Hey, someone just bought a bottle of bland salad dressing.  Now we can use all proceeds to do jihad stuff.    Hey, Peter, what's with the hat?  - I'm pretending to be a veteran. - What?  Yeah, it's awesome. Vets get all the sweet deals.  I mean, you never see a homeless vet.  And people have been really nice.  Everywhere I go, they open doors for me.  Welcome, sir.  Thank you.  Hey, so when really fat people come,  make sure we're opening both doors.  Guys, you could be veterans, too.  Look what happens when I put on sunglasses.  (\"DANGER ZONE\" BY KENNY LOGGINS PLAYING)  Highway to the danger zone   - Wow! - I want to try.  (OVERLAPPING): Highway to the danger zone.   It's loud being a veteran!  - The hell is wrong with you guys?! - (MUSIC STOPS)  Do I need to remind you I actually am a veteran?  And I'm sickened by the thought of trolling for free handouts  on account of being a vet, much less pretending to be one.  Quagmire, what if I told you your glasses  do \"Playing With The Boys\"?  The volleyball scene?  Go ahead, give it a whirl.  I'm playing   Whoa! It's like I'm high-fiving with Anthony Edwards.  And it's not like I'd be lying.  There we go. Hey, another round for me and my veteran buddies.  (\"DANGER ZONE\" AND \"PLAYING WITH THE BOYS\" PLAYING)  Dad, Family Guy used two of your songs.  Well, that's great, but I'm not your dad.  I'm Kenny Loggins and you're a groupie I brought here for sex.  Dad, Family Guy just  See, now, that's my daughter.  You guys got your video cameras ready?  Yeah. What's going on?  Well, as a veteran, I get to star in a viral YouTube video  of me reuniting with my beloved pet.  So here goes.    My pet is Christian the lion.  I'm doing two Internet things at once.  This is my heterosexual roommate, Ace,  with whom I shared the lion two decades ago.  - You look great, Peter. - I have a family now!  You know, guys, if being a veteran is about anything,  it's about getting half-hearted applause  on a Southwest Airlines flight.  - (MILD APPLAUSE) - PASSENGER: Veterans.  PASSENGER 2: Yay, veterans.  Holy crap, you're Eric Dane from Marley and Me,  and other stuff!  I'm afraid you got to give us your front-of-the-plane seats  'cause that's what celebrities do for veterans.  Well, clear out, kids.  It's just part of the Hollywood deal.  Thank you. Thanks.  Thank you so much. This is why I served.  \"USS Nathan James\"?  Yes, sir. Boats, military, sir.  The Nathan James is the fictitious ship  on TNT's The Last Ship, starring Adam Baldwin and Jocko Sims.  - And Eric Dane. - Uh-oh.  You guys aren't veterans at all. You're frauds.  (PASSENGERS GASP)  Okay, we ain't real vets.  Quagmire served in the Navy.  The rest of us are charlatans.  - Boo! - You're terrible!  I fly Southwest to have a classy experience and you've ruined it.  Excuse me, gentlemen. You're under arrest.  What?! Why?!  You three are in violation of the Stolen Valor Act,  which makes it a crime to pretend to be a veteran.  Oh, so suddenly it's a crime to break the law?  Mr. Quagmire, you're free to go,  but the rest of you will have to come with me.  (IMITATING WALDORF): I thought we had it bad,  being gay overhead bins.  (IMITATING STATLER): What makes us gay?  We've got bags in our mouths.  (LAUGHING LIKE WALDORF AND STATLER)  Hey, quick, put these on.  They're not gonna throw a veteran in jail.  Is this some kind of joke to you?  No, it was a sincere idea.  Real servicemen and women  have made real sacrifices for this country.  And you. You're an actual veteran; you should know better.  I'm sorry.  You made a mockery of our whole family, Glenn.  Now, everywhere I go,  it's like people are staring at me and whispering.  Court is now in session.  Judge Dignified Q. Blackman presiding.  You men are accused of violating the Stolen Valor Act,  and that's years of jail time.  (QUIETLY): We forgot to get a lawyer.  But in view of your long service to comedy,  I'm willing to offer a deal.  What kind of deal?  I'll waive the charges, but only on the condition  that you men enlist in the military for real.  You three have to join the Marines.  Oh, my God. We could be killed! Please, no!  All right, how about the Coast Guard?  Yeah, that's fine.  - Wow. - Something happened.  Something just happened in court.  Glenn, if you were half the man I used to be,  - you'd stand up and join them. - (QUAGMIRE GULPS)  Your Honor? I'd like to sign up, too.  - (GALLERY GASPING) - Oh, my God.  I was checking my phone. What happened?  Excuse me?  That's right. I'm going with them.  The four of us will join the Coast Guard together.  All right. Report to the induction center tomorrow.  Court is adjourned.  NEXT CASE ON THE DOCKET: The People v. Ted 2.  Okay, come on, let's get out of here. Let's go. Let's go.  Good morning, recruits.  Welcome to the Coast Guard.  Sir, when do we report for basic training, sir?  Hey, what's with the \"sir\" stuff?  This is just the Coast Guard.  Now, come on. Who here can pantomime driving a boat?  Hmm, we got any boat guys here?  Whoa, look at that.  You guys should be recruiting me.  Now can you bounce with the waves a little bit?  Uh-oh! Getting kind of choppy.  Is this guy for real? This is idiotic.  This is nothing like what the Navy was.  Shh, Quagmire, I got to focus on my boat here.  The way people's talking makes me think  we're gonna be dealing with a lot of water.  You guys seem to have what it takes,  so raise your right hand as I recite the Coast Guard pledge.  \"When you're here, you're family.\"  - Isn't that the slogan for? - We had it first!  (CLEARS THROAT)  Everybody ships out tomorrow.  You'll find your assignments listed on this sheet.  Oh, crap. Where in Iraq is \"Fort El Ahoud Urd Ali\"?  Peter, that's Fort Lauderdale.  We're being shipped out to guard freakin' spring break.  - Sweet! - All right!  Spring break on the land, not the water!  No, it's not sweet. It's a joke. This whole thing is a joke!  Compared to the Navy, the Coast Guard is totally  unprofessional and incompetent, like that ancient Roman intern.  This is Markus. Today's his first day.  He's going to be crucifying you now.  He might want to use his hammer.  Ugh, sorry. I'm so bad at this.  Relax, you're doing fine.  Well, I'm off.  Oh, Peter, I'm so worried.  - Where are they stationing you? - I can't tell you.  That is on a knead-the-dough basis.  (WHISPERING)  - Florida?! - Shh!  Hey, you be safe.  Wait, Dad, before you go, can you teach me to shave?  Well, for starters, bud, that's supposed to be on your pubes.  You got a secret inch hiding under there.  This is what I'm gonna be missing.  - (CAR HORN HONKS) - Well, that's an unrelated car honking,  but I'm gonna go now.    Fort Lauderdale, Florida,  where all the art in every dentist's office comes from.  All right, let's get to work. Grab your binoculars.  We got to practice doing funny double-takes  upon seeing a bikini woman.  Sir, should I say, \"Aaoogah,\" sir?  Affirmative. And, Joe, I order you to just let the binoculars  fall right out of your hands, but you don't even notice  'cause of how foxy the woman is.  All right, yeah.  I can see that we got the right skill set for this assignment.  Okay, guys, knock it off.  But, Quagmire, there's spring break boobs everywhere!  Come on, guys, I mean it.  This is important. I want you to start acting like it.  - Wow, he's serious. - He's very serious.  We're in the motel now.  (SEAGULLS SQUAWKING)  Guys, we have to complete a 160-point inspection  of this coastal patrol cutter.  I'll call them out.  Item one: hydraulic grapple-winch.  Guys?  JOE: We're over here, painting clever names on boats.  JOE: No, Peter, it's supposed to be short and poppy.  Oh, okay.  (SEAGULLS SQUAWKING)  Okay, guys, while I scan for disabled watercraft,  I need a status report on that hydraulic grapple-winch.  Guys?  PETER: We're busy; we're hanging out with Aquaman.  I told you, I'm not Aquaman.  I am the Sub-Mariner.  - What's your deal? - I'm just like Aquaman,  but I can't get fish to do things.  That's the big thing.  I mean, isn't that all Aquaman does?  No, he can also breathe underwater,  and he's strong, like me.  Isn't everyone strong underwater?  No, no. Not like me.  I can punch a big octopus a really long way.  Hey, guys.  - Hey, Aquaman! - Yeah!  Hey, make a fish do something.  Aw, shucks, guys, I don't know.  I guess I could do something like this.  Wow, a real superhero.  I-I have little wings on my feet!  No, just-just, shh, shh. Ju it's over.  It's over.  (VIDEO GAME SOUND EFFECTS)  Hey, can you guys keep it down for a bit?  I got to have a FaceTime conversation with my wife  where we talk at the same time, and then stop,  and then start again, then laugh.  (SKYPE RINGTONE PLAYS)  - Hi, hon - Hi, hon  - No, no, you go - You go ahead.  - No, I - Go ahead.  - Y-You first. - You first.  (BOTH LAUGH)  - STEWIE: Hi, Pop. - Oh, God, Stewie.  You've gotten so big.  No, I'm just in the foreground.  You're as tall as your mother now.  He he doesn't understand perspective.  All right, let me say good-bye to Mommy.  - Well, you take ca - Good-bye, hon  - You go - Oh, what?  - You go - No, I was just gonna say  (BOTH LAUGH)  Everything stinks.  - Hey, Quagmire, where you going? - I'm going home.  - What? Why? - 'Cause I'm sick of this.  I'm the only one taking the job seriously.  Hell, you guys still don't even know how to operate  a simple hydraulic grapple-winch.  Okay, that's the third time you've mentioned  the hydraulic grapple-winch.  Is that gonna be important for later?  I feel like maybe it is.  Quagmire, you can't just go home.  We're stationed here.  I wasn't sentenced, but I came anyway  because I thought I could try and teach my friends  what it means to serve their country, the way I did.  But you're hopeless, so I'm done.  CRIS COLLINSWORTH: And I'm still the voice  of Cris Collinsworth, and I'm done, too.  (FOOTSTEPS, DOOR OPENS)  - Uhp, closet. - (DOOR CLOSES)  - (DOOR OPENS) - Now I got it.  - (DOOR CLOSES) - Aw.  I disappointed the stupidest guy in football.  - I got to go take a sad pee. - Me, too.  We should probably all go urinate together, outdoors,  as a group of guys, while wearing backwards baseball caps,  per Fort Lauderdale municipal law.  (LIQUID SPATTERING)  The Florida ways are the best ways.  FRAT BOY: Are we ready to attack?  FRAT BOY 2: We are! And many people will die.  What the hell's that?  (ZIPPING)  Are we ready to attack?  We are! And many people will die.  - Oh, my God. - Those evil frat boys  are planning to kill spring break.  And they only had time to record two lines of dialogue.  Are we ready to attack?  We are! And many people will die.  (ENGINE STARTS)  - We got to stop them. - All right, let's just find  a quiet place to come up with a plan.  - (LOUD CHATTER) - All right, here's what we do!  - We track down - (BLENDER WHIRRING LOUDLY)  - we saw talking and - (BLENDER WHIRRING)  - Joe, you get us some - (BLENDER WHIRRING)  - And, Cleveland, I want you to get - (BLENDER WHIRRING)  buildings in the city.  I'm still very unclear about the plan!  Three more banana daiquiris.  - We track down the - (BLENDER WHIRRING)  Did you see all of those guns and weapons  those evil frat boys had?  I sure did.  And we still haven't nailed down a date for visiting Epcot.  But what can we do?  Quagmire was the only real soldier among us.  You're right. Compared to him,  we're about as useless as one of those automatic bathroom sinks.  Uhp. Uhp.  Uhp.  Uhp.  Uhp. Uhp.  Uhp. Uhp. Uhp.  Uhp.  Uhp. Uhp.  What the hell are you doing? This is a women's bathroom.  Uhp.  Come on, guys, we don't need Quagmire to do the right thing.  I love that movie.  If there's gonna be an attack at spring break,  we can't just stand by while people get hurt, or even killed.  Joe's right. It's up to us to stop it.  Because we're in the Coast Guard,  and when you're here, you're family.  (ITALIAN MUSIC PLAYING)  (LAUGHTER)  - Great! - Yeah!  - Ooh! - Yeah, yeah.  That food was all very salty.    There's so many people.  We got to find those frat boys. Look for anything suspicious.  (GASPS)  The Coors party ball is a dirty bomb!  No, Peter, it's not; it's just the coolest, freshest way  to keep your party rolling is what it is.  This is hopeless!  There's no way to guess what their target is.  MAN (OVER P.A.): Final boarding call  for the \"Are We Ready To Attack, We Are,  And Many People Will Die\" booze cruise.  Okay, I got a feeling about that one.  - Let's go! - No, guys.  We'll never make it on foot.  We got to steal that kid's Jet Ski.  Peter, the boat's right there. We'll totally make it.  It's the only way, guys!  Peter, we're now literally standing on the boat.  That's how close the boat is.  Made it!  - You wanted to ride the Jet Ski. - I wanted to ride the Jet Ski.  (HORN BLOWS)  How much you reckon a boat like this cost?  All right, everybody, freeze! This is the U.S. Coast Guard.  And when you're here, you're family.  (ITALIAN MUSIC PLAYING)  (BURPING)  Anyway, U.S. Coast Guard. You kids are  What are we gonna do? We're way outgunned.  Are any of you familiar  with what's referred to as a \"Leeroy Jenkins\"?  Well, I don't know what that is,  but let's make a very long, elaborate plan.  All right, so I'll run in first and use an intimidating shout.  When my shout's done,  I'll need Joe to come in and use his shout, too.  What do you think, Joe?  Can you give me a number crunch real quick?  Yeah, give me a sec. I'm coming up with, uh,  32.33, repeating, of course.  Okay, that's a lot better than we usually do.  - So let's - Leeroy Jenkins!  Oh, my God, he just ran in. Let's go! Stick to the plan!  Let's go, let's go!  PETER: Aw, man.  Aw, we're dying.  JOE: Damn it, Cleveland.  PETER: Where'd they get dragons?  These guys have magic, guys.  JOE: I can't move.  Oh, God!  PETER: You know, Cleveland, you're an idiot.  CLEVELAND: This episode has a lot of Internet things.  (GUNS CLICKING)  Ah, crap, we're gonna die.  QUAGMIRE: Freeze!  Quagmire, you came back!  That's right. Because I'm in the U.S. Coast Guard.  - And when you're here - Oh, no, don't say it!  (ITALIAN MUSIC PLAYING)  Ah, I'm glad you came back, buddy.  You really saved the day.  Hey, where'd you get the machine gun?  From the coastal patrol cutter.  \"Machine gun\" is item 49 of the 160-point inspection.  Oh, that was when I was writing homosexual stuff on the boat.  - Too bad about the bomb. - Bomb?  Yep. Right here on the boat.  Soon you will all do the foamy dance of death.  We are! And many people will die.  He just says that one thing.  (DANCE MUSIC PLAYING)  (GASPS) The bomb is hidden in the foam.  Where is it?  - Have you found it? - No.  I was thinking next Thursday for Epcot, but no bomb.  You're wasting your time; the bomb will activate  the moment the floor stops vibrating.  (GASPS) Did you hear that? Twerk!  Twerk like you're Miley Cyrus  trying to prove something to your dad!  Found it!  - (MUSIC STOPS) - (BOMB BEEPING)  We're all gonna die!  Oh, no, we're not. I stole a Jet Ski from a kid.  Ha, ha!  Oh, I forgot they do that.  Hydraulic grapple-winch!  - Oh, yeah! - From earlier!  - We did it! It's over. - 'Cause of you.  Thanks for saving us, Quagmire.  Eh, I was just doing my duty. Just like you did.  Good job, soldier.  Anyway, what matters is everyone's okay,  thanks to the Coast Guard.  - Because when you're here - (GUNSHOT)  I'm not going back to that restaurant.   (STEWIE CHUCKLES, SQUEALS)  What the hell?  Oh, hey, Brian. I was sick of waiting my turn  outside the supermarket,  so I bought every coin-operated horse in town.  I assume you're on the unicorn?  You know me well, sir.  Must be a dozen horses here.  How do you possibly have the money  for this type of stuff?  Well, I'll tell you, but only on one condition.  - Fine. Never mind then. - Investing!  I invest in the stock market.  The stock market? Ugh.  What do you even know about that stuff?  It's easy I just follow trends and invest accordingly.  For instance, there are more single people  over 50 than ever.  So I'm investing in handguns and blackout window shades.  They don't want to be part of society, Brian.  They've made that very clear.  I don't know, Stewie, if you ask me,  the stock market's just a rigged game  where the top one-percent make out like bandits,  and regular people get hurt.  Are you reading off a teleprompter right now?  - No. - (TELEPROMPTER CRACKLES)  The prompter's down. What do we do?  Brian, vamp!  So, great to be in Quahog, Rhode Island today.  That's why he's the best.  Our top story, an austere monetary policy  has the European Union on the brink of collapse,  threatening the entire global economy.  And for viewers making less than $40,000 a year,  your top story is a big UFC fight this Saturday.  Wow, I can't wait to see that fight!  Me and the guys are gonna watch it at the Clam.  Peter, we have dinner with my parents that night.  It's my mom's birthday. You have to be there.  Lois, if you let me out of this,  I will go to Meg's ballet recital in your place.  Deal.  (CLASSICAL MUSIC PLAYING)    PETER: I did not go to the recital.  Whew, what a day.  I asked Ms. Watson if she has any kids of her own.  Immediately put me in a time-out.  What the hell?!  Ay, díos mio!  Oh, great. Course it's one of them.  - What?! - Stewie, adults are allowed  to say racist things because of traffic.  Oh, my poor '98 Toyota Corolla.  We all have '98 Toyota Corolla.  - Qué? - I allowed to say racist things  because of traffic.  Well, don't get so angry. Just tell your insurance  what happened and then they'll  Oh, you're driving away because you don't have insurance.  This sucks. Fixing the bumper is gonna cost at least a grand.  Tell you what, give me a hundred bucks  to put in the stock market, and I'll take care of it.  The market?  Brian, you won't lose your money.  I promise.  (SIGHS) All right, fine.  Guess I'm not the first person to cave into family pressure.  Like Stephen Baldwin.  Why aren't you a bloated alcoholic yet?  I'm sorry, Ma!  What the hell?  Jerome, what are you doing? The fight's tonight!  Sorry, fellas, I just got a call.  My mom had a stroke.  I've got to go back to Long Island to see her.  Hey, a Mets fan, huh?  No, no, Joe, now is not the time  to use your new conversation techniques.  I love her so much. Look at her.  So beautiful.  And there's no one to take care of her,  so, unfortunately, I'll be gone for a while.  I got to close this place for a month.  - A month?! - I wish it was February.  'Cause, you know, that's the shortest month.  Nice one, Joe. You're on the board.  Look, I don't want to close the place either.  But I don't have anyone to run it.  Really? Well, uh, you know,  we know this place better than anyone.  - What if we run it for you? - Yeah!  - That's a great idea! - B-story!  Wow, you fellas would really watch this place for me?  Are you kidding? Running a bar is my dream!  Well, that and waking up a rooster.  - Dah! - (SQUAWKS LOUDLY)  Enjoy the rest of your Saturday.  Hey, Brian, I need to talk to you  about that money I invested for you.  I knew it. You lost it all, didn't you?  God, I never should have given you my money.  The stock market is a sucker's bet, like chasing your tail.  God, it's right there, and yet a million miles away.  What are the physics of that?!  I didn't lose your money, Brian. Quite the contrary.  Here's a thousand to fix your car.  And here's a thousand profit.  Whoa, whoa, whoa, hold on.  You made $2,000 in a couple days?  - Yep. - Oh, my God.  You got to teach me how to invest.  Okay, but I can see this is going to be a lot of work.  So in return, you must teach me Gymkata:  the fusion of gymnastics and karate.  No, Stewie, I won't do that. It's too dangerous.  I swore I'd never teach Gymkata again.  Brian, there's a 22-year-old Mongolian heiress  who's being held captive in a mountain fortress  that happens to have a pommel horse in it.  There's no other way.  (DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)    (NINJAS SHOUTING)  Okay, I'm back. Ready to invest?  Why are you still wearing that unitard?  Can't get it off 'cause my hog's too big.  Well, here, let me help you get it off.  No, no, no, no, no, no. I pooped. I pooped.  (SPEAKING JAPANESE):  What's going on with Nikkei?  - What are you up to? - Are you kidding?  I've been looking at stocks all morning.  I'm already up five percent on the day.  Wow, good for you. You're really taking to this.  I wish I'd brought you in on this earlier.  Together, we're going to make a fortune.  Well, now, hold on, Stewie. I'm not some run-of-the-mill  Wall Street scumbag only in this for the profits.  For every dollar I make, one goes to me,  and one goes to charity.  I'm gonna rent a Ferrari and cruise the pier.  You want in?  Well, cancer's not going anywhere.  I'm sorry, Billy, you're one dollar short  of being able to afford the surgery you need.  - STEWIE: Yeah! - BRIAN: Money!  Sweet. I know those guys.  (INDISTINCT CHATTER)  Wow, look at us, running the Clam.  Joe, why are you dressed like that?  'Cause I'm a mixologist.  Oh, cool. What can you make?  You name it, I can make it.  Could I get an old-fashioned?  Classic. Rum and Coke, coming right up.  And could I get a Moscow mule?  Rum and Coke for my comrade.  - I'll have a whiskey - Rum  - sour. - Coke. Coming right up.  - Could I get a rum and Coke? - Uh, Pepsi okay?  Brian, I've got great news.  We're going for a ride in the car?!  No, our portfolio's up 30%.  In fact, we're so successful now, we have to make  one of those sappy investment commercials.  BRIAN: Thanks to my investments, I've watched my money grow.  And my little girl.  STEWIE: Dad?  Thanks for making my big day possible.  Don't thank me. Thank Fidelity.  Okay, I'm ready to marry you now.  Wait, what? No, I'm your dad.  Yes, you are. This is what's happening.  ANNOUNCER: Fidelity: We're there for you  when your baby marries his dog-dad.  Stewie, why'd you bring me all the way out here?  Now that we're eccentric rich guys,  we're going to go down 20,000 feet and pants James Cameron  while he's excavating the Titanic.  (SONAR ECHOING)  (CHUCKLING): There he is.  This is gonna be so great.  (MUTED SCREAM)  (INDISTINCT CHATTER)  Wow, business has really picked up.  I think it's because of the trivia night Quagmire started.  Here we go, next question.  And remember, no phones, people.  Playing an honest game, no phones.  Okay, \"In what country\"  No phones, I'm seeing phones.  \"In what country\" No phones.  I've been pretty cool about this so far,  it's a gentlemen's game.  \"In what country can you find the monuments called\"  I see phones. I see all right,  you know what, that's it, trivia night over!  Three cotton-picking weeks,  and no one's gotten a single answer wrong.  Everyone's like, \"Hey, settle down\",  we're not using our phones.\"  I see you using your damn phones!  Just just give me my shift drink!  CLEVELAND: Technically, you got to finish the game  before you get your drink.  (INHALES, EXHALES DEEPLY)  \"In which country\"  And you know, I think some people may be here  because of me.  I spread the word about my sweet playlist.  This is just a bunch of covers of \"Life Is A Highway.\"  Yeah.  Joe  you did a really great job.  Thanks.  (CLASSICAL MUSIC PLAYING)  Life is a highway   I want to   (BLEEP), we went to the wrong place.  Hey, guys, I had a great idea.  You know how people love mechanical bulls?  Well, I got something even better!  (BULL SNORTS)  A real bull?  If that thing gets mad, it'll destroy the bar!  Yeah, right. How can it get mad  when I cinched its balls with my belt?  See, it loves it here. It's even picking out a song.  Life is a highway   Excellent choice. You know, not to tell tales out of school,  but I sucked my first jug to this song.  If you are going my way   I want to drive it   All night long   Life is a highway   I want to ride it   All night long   Gimme, gimme, gimme, yeah   If you are going my way   I want to drive it   All night long   Edgar, do you know anything about this?  What? N-No.  Edgar?  I was at Stanley Kaplan preparing for the A.C.T.  Well, then I am sanguine.  Huh?  Aha!  (MOANS)  Guys, wake up.  Oh, man, the bull kicked our asses.  And totally trashed the bar.  (GIRL SCREAMING)  What the hell is that?  Oh, that's my ringtone.  It's from Game of Thrones when Stannis's daughter  is burned alive at the stake.  No way. It's from when Arya and that other tiny girl  fight to the death.  Nah, that scream is from the Red Wedding.  It's the sound of a mama being stabbed right in the baby.  Hey, Jerome.  Hey, Peter.  I have some bad news.  My mama  (SNIFFLES, CRIES)  she's dead.  Aw, man, that sucks, Lois.  Your friend is probably just jealous.  Peter.  There's nothing left for me here,  so I'm coming home tomorrow. (SNIFFLES)  That painting's all I got to remember her by.  You take good care of it, Peter.  It's my prized possession.  JEROME: I'll see you tomorrow.  What are we gonna do?  Yeah. When Jerome sees that painting, he's gonna kill us.  Don't worry, guys, he's got another one over there.  Peter, that's Bruno Mars.  Bruno Mars?  Who's she?  He's a man.  And he's not even black.  He's a beautiful, mixed-up tomorrow person.  What is this place?  This is what you dragged me out of the house  first thing in the morning for?  Yeah, it's a great company I found to invest in.  Korean. They make protein shakes.  The profits are off the charts.  Well, why is it in the middle of nowhere?  And why are there no windows?  And why is there a security guard out front?  All these questions?  This is why I didn't want to let you have a soda in the car.  It's not 'cause of the soda.  God.  Something's going on here.  I'm taking a look.  What are you doing? It's just a protein shake.  And it's the cheapest on the market.  Uh, Brian, I think I know why it's so cheap.  They're made of dog meat.  Oh, my God, look at all those poor, sad dogs.  (SLOW VERSION):  Life is a highway   I want to ride it all night long   Gimme, gimme, gimme, yeah.   They're all in trouble. Even Rover Dangerfield.  Oh, I tell you, I got to pay more attention, you know?  When the Korean guy said \"shake,\"  I thought he meant my paw.  Then he said I was gonna be protein.  I said, \"Damn right, I'm very pro-teen\",  I'm dating a 16-year-old.\"  Oh, boy, I tell you, I came in this place a purebred.  Now I'm leaving it a purée.  (GRUMBLES)  No respect, no respect at all.  Brian, let's get out of here.  What do you mean? I'm taking a meeting.  This company's worth a fortune.  What? You still want to invest in this?  - You can't be serious. - Sorry, Stewie.  Wall Street is a people-eat-dog world, everyone knows that.  Oh, my God.  Brian, you've turned into a monster.  HERRY MONSTER: Hey!  That's offensive to the monster community.  Yeah, some of us are nice.  Yeah, real nice.  Weren't you charged with sexually abusing a 16-year-old?  Elmo's accuser recanted  and admitted the relationship was consensual.  Yeah, but wasn't there another case that was only thrown out  because the statute of limitations had expired?  Elmo no comment.  Cookie!  (CHUCKLING): He wants a cookie.  Oh, I love the Muppets.  I can't believe you still want to invest in this.  They use dog meat.  How can you condone the eating of other dogs?  Oh, come on, Stewie, it's their way.  Who are we to judge other cultures?  Look, I'm investing in this company.  And if you're too scared to do it with me,  then maybe I'm working with the wrong partner.  What are you talking about?  I'm the one who taught you how to invest.  You can't ditch me.  Sorry, Stewie.  When I left you, I was but a learner.  Now I am the master.  Hee-ya!  Yeah. No one in Star Wars says \"hee-ya.\"  You know what, Brian, forget it.  We are done. You ruined this.  We were a good team, like Ricki and the Flash.  I love you, Ricki.  I love you, the Flash.  Stewie, I don't think that's right.  Ah, I didn't see the movie.  Yeah, no, I didn't see it either, but, yeah, the,  \"the Flash\" was the name of her rock band.  Oh, you saw it.  Yeah, I saw it.  So did I.  - This is stupid. -Come on, guys. We got no choice.  We have to paint that portrait of Jerome's mother ourselves,  and this is the only class in town.  But aren't these classes just for lame chicks  who want an excuse to drink together?  (ALL LAUGHING)  I'm having so much fun.  Me, too.  This wine is an artist.  And it painted my smile.  (LAUGHS, CRIES)  I don't think Paul really wants to marry me.  - (WAILS) - I, uh  I'm not sure what we're doing now.  Hi, Brian Griffin.  I have an appointment to see your CEO about an investment.  Ah, yes, we're waiting for you.  Here, breathe deeply into this investors' rag.  All right. Now, I'm not sure if I'm saying this right,  but, uh, \"Boo. Cocky.\"  (INHALES)  Can you believe Brian?  Thinking he can fire me when I'm the one who taught him?  I have had it with him.  Absolutely had it.  He's just so selfish.  He drives me crazy.  I don't know why I put up with it, I guess  I guess I just have a forgiving personality.  But enough about that, I'm probably starting to bore you.  It's just that whenever I start talking about Brian,  - I lose all track of time. - (PHONE VIBRATING)  You would think, after all these years together,  that I could simply tell myself enough is enough.  STEWIE: You've reached Stewie Griffin. Leave a message.  - (LINE BEEPS) - Hey! Give me that phone.  Stewie, it's Brian, you got to help me, I'm gonna get ea  Damn it.  Well, I guess Stewie's my only hope now.  I can't believe I might die like this.  I always thought I'd go the way all dogs dream about:  slowly, and at great inconvenience to my owners.  Come on, boy. Here we go.  Here we go. Let's get you to the living room.  (GRUNTS)  Lois, wrap one of his \"walking to the car\" pills  in roast beef and peanut butter.  I'm gonna hold his hips while he stands confused  in front of the water dish.  Go on, boy. It's right there.  (SNIFFING)  Come on, boy, it's right there.  It's water. You like it.  There you go.  You're doing it yourself.  Oh, God. Jerome's gonna be here any minute,  and then we're totally screwed.  Well, I guess all we can do now is the honorable thing:  make realistic puppets of ourselves to leave in the bar  for Jerome to beat the crap out of.  JEROME: What the hell happened to my bar?  And my painting!  Well, don't just sit there staring at me  with your limp limbs and your straw-filled aid shirts.  (BLOWS LANDING)  Wow, it's working!  Good plan, Peter.  PUPPET PETER: Thanks, guys.  Oh, no, I left the real me in there.  He's falling for it, guys.  He thinks I'm me.  Come on, Stewie, check your damn messages.  (DOG WHIMPERING, BARKS)  God, that must be where they do the deed.  I hope it's at least peaceful and humane.  GROUP: Vick!  Oh, boy.  GROUP: And Eli Manning!  Aw, I didn't know that about Eli Manning.  Oh, yeah. I'm a real idiot psychopath.  (CLATTERING)  What was that?  What the?  Good job, Rupert.  Now let's hope we can find Brian before it's too late.  BRIAN: Hey, don't touch me, I'm rich!  Ugh, he just makes it so difficult to be on his side.  Oh, come on, there's got to be a way we can work this out.  Rupert, music!    Life is a highway   I want to ride it all night long   Oh, no. He knows Gymkata.  There is no defense.  Everyone, run for safety over by those uneven bars.  I want to drive it   Bad idea, buddy.  Life is a highway   I want to ride it all night long   Gimme, gimme, gimme, yeah   If you're going my way   I want to drive it   Stewie! Oh, my God, thank you.  I'm so sorry, Stewie.  I guess I just lost my head.  Well, lesson learned, Brian.  Money doesn't buy happiness.  This does:  Life is a highway   I want to ride it all night long   Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah   If you're going my way   I want to drive it all night long   Gimme, gimme, gimme, yeah.   Wow, Stewie. I am so sorry I became such a jerk.  But I guess I learned my lesson about the evils of Wall Street.  What are you talking about?  This isn't about Wall Street, this is about you.  Me?  I've been investing in the market forever,  and doing just fine.  You did it for one week,  and were literally eating your own kind.  This isn't about Wall Street.  I cannot stress that enough.  Well, money is the root of all evil.  No, it's not. It's just you.  Hello, others, I am the father.  Where is the mother,  and what kind of sex does she like to have?         Hi, I'm Peter Griffin,  and I'm here at The Museum of Television & Radio  to commemorate Family Guy  becoming the longest-running show in television history.  For 60 years, Sunday has meant God, football and Family Guy.  And later, to a lesser degree, The Simpsons.  Premiering in 1952 as a recurring sketch  in the popular Dow Chemical Follies,  Family Guy has survived 19 cancellations,  two assassination attempts,  and a pretty good ribbing by those South Park guys.  Well, tonight we take a look back at classic episodes  from our first three decades.  Uhp, here come some tourists.  I know, I'll sit here and pretend I'm a wax figure.  Who is that?  That's the fat idiot from The Family Guy.  - Ugh. I hate that show. - Me, too.  - (BELL RINGS) - ANNOUNCER: Raleigh Kids Cigarettes  is happy to bring you Family Guy,  the story of an American family named the Griffins.  - This is Peter, - (LIGHT ORCHESTRA MUSIC PLAYING)  breadwinner and head of household.  Lois is the name of his wife.  These are their children.  This is Chris, the firstborn son.  This is little Stewie. Oh, boy, he's a handful.  Meg.  And introducing Doodles Weaver as Brian the Dog.  We don't trust just any cigarette for our children.  Raleigh Kids is the only cigarette made for tiny hands.  It's why it's the playground favorite. Right, kids?  (LAUGHING)  ANNOUNCER: And now, Raleigh Kids,  also the makers of Kinder Coffee,  invites you to watch Family Guy.  Dad, I overheard the fellas talking.  Can I ask you a question about girls?  Of course, son. You're a young man now.  It's natural to be curious.  Thanks, Pop.  What's \"knuckle-dunk\"?  - (SIREN BLARES) - Uhp, atomic test.  Put on your glasses.  Never mind what your friends said.  If you want to have fun with your girl, try dancing.  It's fun and good for your health.  (EXPLOSION)  (CHUCKLES) Swell, that's helpful.  So, what's going on if a guy says  a girl \"has a red scare in her Harry Truman\"?  - Fence. - (WIND GUSTING)  Oh, look, here comes the milkman.  So convenient.  TOM TUCKER: Good evening, everyone.  I'm Tom Tucker, and this is the Radio 5 news.  Our top story this evening, songsmith Elvis Presley  will be appearing on The Ed Sullivan Show this Sunday night  on that never-gonna-last fad called television.  And now a word from our sponsor: Fred Trump Apartments.  If you don't want to live with blacks, Fred Trump.  Wow, Elvis Presley! Can we get a television set?  Sorry, Chris, we don't got the money.  I spent our entire savings  building that stupid fallout shelter we never get to use.  (EXPLOSION)  Why don't you just buy a TV for the weekend,  - watch Elvis, - (MAN SCREAMING OUTSIDE)  and then return it on Monday and say it doesn't work?  Boy, even in the '50s, you're a scumbag.  - That's a great idea, boy! - Hang on.  Why don't I just get a job to help pay for it?  What? No wife of mine is working.  There's underpants in this house that need starching.  I don't want to go to work in soft underpants  like some Nancy boy; I want to go to work like this.  Stiff as a plate. That's underpants.  We got some time before Elvis. Can we see what else is on?  - Sure thing. - (TV STATIC HISSES)  ANNOUNCER: We now return to 1950s sci-fi,  which is always a man in a silver suit battling a monster.  Leave us humans alone.  It's 1994, and the moon belongs to Earth.  (DRAMATIC ORCHESTRA MUSIC PLAYING)  Rawr.  (WARBLING SOUND EFFECTS)  It's safe now.  How's the soil, Professor Knockers?  It's good.  Good. Good.  Good evening. I'm Tom Tucker, previously of Radio 5 news.  Tonight, I bring you a special report.  Women in the workplace: hilarious or disturbing?    (STILTED): I am a 1950s man  speaking in a stilted manner,  seemingly with no self-awareness whatsoever.  (LOUDLY): I am shouting for some reason  and will now suddenly be replaced by crude graphics.  - (FILM PROJECTOR RATTLING) - (DESCENDING WHISTLE)  (EXPLOSION)  (STILTED): This factory has been beset by women.  Is your factory next?  (DRAMATIC ORCHESTRA MUSIC PLAYING)  Lois, that's you! You took a job?  Sorry, Peter. I wanted to tell you,  but you were so dead set against it.  Damn right I'm against it!  If God wanted women in the workplace,  he'd have made them alcoholics.  Now, you're quitting that job tomorrow.  - No, I'm not. - Quiet. Elvis is on.  ED SULLIVAN: Ladies and gentlemen, Elvis Presley.  (AUDIENCE CHEERING)  - Huh? - What?! Elvis Presley is white?  Cleveland, did you know about this?  Come on, Donna, let's pick up some gizzards and fried skins  and head on down to the juke joint.  Tonight it's gonna be jumpin'!  (LIVELY JAZZ MUSIC PLAYING)  PETER: And it was jumpin'. It really was.  But I was banished to the sidewalk  because I called one of the band guys a bad name.  (CRICKETS CHIRPING)  I thought you were bringing the TV back.  I changed my mind. This TV is awesome!  I've been watching it all day.  You can keep your job so we can afford this thing.  - Oh, that's great news, Peter. - You know, Lois, I had an idea.  Instead of eating in another room and talking,  what if we bring the food out here and never talk again?  - That's a great idea. - Shh.  ANNOUNCER: Are you looking for the perfect breakfast meal?  Try Post Raisin Bran, made with raisins,  which are grapes that have been dried in the sun  for a long period of time;  and bran, the hard outer layers of cereal grain.  Along with germ, it is an integral part of whole grains.  When you eat Raisin Bran, it fills your stomach  and keeps you from feeling the sensation of hunger.  \"Hunger\" being pangs in the belly  as a result of lack of nourishment,  thereby sending signals to your brain telling you,  \"Hey, I'm hungry.\"  And when you hear Mr. \"Hey, I'm Hungry,\"  be sure to have a hearty bowl of Post Raisin Bran.  Again, made with raisins, which are grapes  that have been dried in the sun for a long period of time;  and bran, the hard outer layers of cereal grain.  Along with germ, it is an integral part of whole grains.  (LIGHT JINGLE PLAYING)  Post Raisin Bran   Made with raisins, which are grapes that have been dried   In the sun for a long period of time   And bran   The hard outer layers of cereal grain   Along with germ   It is an integral part of whole grains   Post Raisin Bran.   Boy, these commercials go by fast.  You can barely absorb any of it.  (SIGHS) I don't know how you do it, Peter.  Can we get some Raisin Bran?  Do we have any Raisin Bran in the house?  Just working day after day, I'm exhausted, and I miss my family.  It's made with raisins, which are grapes  that have been dried in the sun for a long period of time.  I gave my notice, and tomorrow's my last day.  So I guess we have to get rid of the TV.  By the way, Chris and Raisin Bran  are at Raisin Bran practice.  - Peter, I got a surprise for you. - Raisin Bran?  A television?  We can't afford this; you quit your job.  This is what we were making on the line.  The only reason I wanted to work was to make this for you.  Oh, Lois, you're the greatest.  (PETER GROANS)  I guess this is why women shouldn't work. (LAUGHS)  To the moon, Lois!  \"To the moon\"? Wh-What does that mean?  You know, \"to-to the moon.\"  Okay, you're threatening to punch me so hard  I'm gonna fly to the moon?  Like-like it's funny to hit me so violently  my body will fly out of the atmosphere?  Well, it's not funny anymore.  Hi, I'm Peter   This is Lois   My sons Stewie and Chris   Our dog Brian, and the rest is this   We live in Quahog, near the beach   A wizard gave my baby the power of speech   No one can hear him, but when he's away   People in town can hear what he says   This is Family Guy.   The dog talks, too!  Good morning, family.  I'll have my regular breakfast and the newspaper, please.  Okay, here's your highball, a grapefruit,  and our one weird serrated spoon.  - And Raisin Bran? - (SIGHS) Yes.  But sorry, there's no newspaper. Chris quit his paper route.  - What? - Aw, jobs are for bozos.  Besides, I won't be around to work.  Me and my pals are going to Woodstock to smoke dope.  No, you are not! Chris Griffin, you are grounded.  Oh, I hate you!  Now I'll never get to see Sha Na Na!  (DOORBELL RINGS)  Hello. I just moved in down the block.  My name's Herbert, not Roy Mitchell.  So, if you see news reports about a Roy Mitchell  from three towns over who was accused of all sorts of nonsense  and left in a hurry, it's got nothing to do with me,  because, again, I'm  Herbert.  Mom, Dad, Chris is gone! He went to Woodstock.  Now, Meg, nobody likes a snitch.  I'm not a snitch, I just tell it like it is.  Damn it, Meg!  Excuse me, Peter, maybe I should handle this.  - Mr. Brady? - You know, Meg,  when you tattle on someone, you're not just telling on them,  you're telling on yourself.  And by tattling on someone, you're really just telling them,  \"I'm a tattletale.\"  Now, is that the tale you want to tell?  - I never thought of it that way. - Thanks, Mr. Brady.  That's right. Mike Brady.  So, if you see any news reports about an actor named Robert Reed  from three towns over who was accused of all sorts of nonsense  and left in a hurry, it's got nothing to do with me,  because, again, I'm  Mike Brady.  Chris went to Woodstock?  I got to get there and bring him back  before something bad happens.  Honey, I'm taking the compact; save a little on gas.  (ENGINE STARTS)  Cars are bigger back now.    Oh, no, my dad!  PETER (IN DISTANCE): Chris!  He'll be here in ten minutes. I got to hide!  - Chris! - Dad, what are you doing here?  - I'm here to bring you home. - Well, I'm not going.  I'm staying here and smoking dope.  What? No son of mine is gonna be smoking dope.  Why not, Dad? Is it any worse than your three martini lunch?  What?! No son of mine  is gonna be drinking a three martini lunch.  Why not, Dad? Is it any worse than your five Scotch breakfast?  What?! No son of mine  is gonna be drinking a five Scotch breakfast.  Why not, Dad? Is it any worse than  your \"three X's drawn on the jug\" corn whiskey moonshine?  What?! No son of mine drink anything but rice wine.  That's right, we trace our early family roots to Asia.  Listen, Chris, your mother and I love you.  We just want you to stay a kid a little bit longer.  - You understand? - Um, y-yeah.  I'm glad. 'Cause the thing is, Chris,  drugs turn you into someone you're not.  But you know what? We love you just how you are.  That's why I'm so grateful I got here before you dropped acid  or took any kind of drugs that  Y-You're trippin' right now, aren't you?  - A little. - All right.  Hey, why is Pete Townshend taking pictures of you?  He's been doing that all day long.  PETE TOWNSHEND: It's for a book.  I don't think it's for a book.  Okay, I'm off to do my paper route.  Wow, Peter, your plan worked  to show Chris how horrible drugs are.  Quiet, Lois, I'm trying to watch TV.  NEIL ARMSTRONG: That's one small step  ED SULLIVAN: Ladies and gentlemen, the Beatles.  WALTER CRONKITE: The flash now official,  President Kennedy has been killed.  God, there's nothing on.  SINGERS:  Just sit right back and you'll hear a tale   - There we go. -  A tale of a fateful trip   (SOMBER CLARINET MUSIC PLAYING)  (TOY VACUUM RATTLING)  Lois, why is my son playing with a vacuum like a girl?  Here, play with this discus and javelin.  Then you can grow up like a man,  like track and field star Bruce Jenner,  the greatest man in the world.  Maybe you'll even end up on a box of Wheaties.  Didn't these used to have nuts in 'em?  Chris, I see in the paper that Vietnam is still going on,  and as a blue collar TV dad, I demand you enlist.  Peter, you can't send Chris to Vietnam.  They're bombing women and children.  You have no idea how bad it is over there.  I don't? Oh, I know war, my friend.  I stormed the beaches at Normandy.  (YELLING)  Of course, it was 1958,  so the resistance wasn't quite as stiff.  - (WHISTLE BLOWS) - No running.  I said no running!  I'm not running!  Chris, you are going to Vietnam and doing your duty,  like Quagmire did.  As a matter of fact, his tour just ended  and his transport should be getting in soon.  So let's head down to the airfield  and give our soldiers the respect they deserve.  Welcome home, Quagmire! (SPITS)  Oh, good to see you back safely, Glenn. (SPITS)  - Murderer! - Hey, show some respect.  Sorry. (SPITS)  Oh, I left my carry-on back on the plane.  All right, when he comes back,  we got to make him feel welcome again.  (SNORTING, HAWKING)  (DISCO MUSIC PLAYING)  Boy, the Clam sure looks different.  Yeah, just be careful with your collars on the way in.  They're kind of sharp.  (\"A FIFTH OF BEETHOVEN\" BY WALTER MURPHY PLAYING)  (PEOPLE GRUNTING)  Yeah, we'll have a round of beers for the table.  Uhp, we got her, too.  It's good to have you back from the war in one piece, Quagmire.  Yeah, some of us weren't so lucky.  What are you talking about? You never went to Vietnam.  Hell I didn't!  I went to the draft board and told them I was gay,  and then got hit by a bus on the walk home.  (SOBBING)  So, Quagmire, Chris is shipping out tomorrow morning,  and he's pretty nervous.  I know you enjoy staring, like, 3,000 feet out into dead space,  but you got any good stories I could tell him  about how cool 'Nam is?  You know, there's lots of things you expect in war  Carnage, the sleepless nights  But what they don't prepare you for  is the incessant use of \"Fortunate Son.\"  (\"FORTUNATE SON\" BY CREEDENCE CLEARWATER REVIVAL PLAYING)  I'd hear that song any time I was in a helicopter.  Or taking a swift boat deep into the jungle,  that song again.  My penis would even play \"Fortunate Son\"  while I was visiting a whorehouse.  (VOLUME FLUCTUATING): It ain't me, it ain't me   I ain't no millionaire's son, no   Oh, Lord, that's horrible!  There must have been some other song you heard.  Yeah, there was.  That \"There's something happening here\" song.  Hey, I just realized,  your clothes kind of look like the jungle.  Shut up, Joe! You weren't there!  You don't know! I'll kill you! I'll kill you!  You didn't hear the songs I heard!  Oh, my God, Chris ships out in the morning!  I got to get him out to there. I thought this war would be fun,  you know, just go over there and fight the Donkey Kong.  We were trying to fight the war our way,  the way we'd always fought wars,  but we were gradually climbing steel beams and ladders,  and the Donkey Kong knew that.  It was barrel after barrel. We lost a lot of good men.  And so many quarters.  (DRUMS PLAYING MARCH)  Now, listen up! When you hear your name,  I want you to sound off smartly and move out.  - Capo. - Yes, sir.  - Sumner. - Yes, sir.  Griffin.  Chris Griffin!  Yes, sir.  - I didn't think this through. -    Hey, where you going?! What's the matter with you?!  I said put your duffel bag right there!  (RHYTHMIC FOOTSTEPS)  (TO \"AQUARIUS\"):  Hey, guys, wait   I'm not supposed to be here   Stop, halt   My name's not Chris, it's Peter   He's late   He's probably at the theater   Watching a '70s movie   Maybe The French Connection   Or possibly Godfather II   The number, not \"also\"   Let my son die   Let my son die   My son, not me   CHOIR:  Let his son die   Let his son die   His son, not him   Oh, whoa   -  Let his son die  -  Let him die   Locked in a cage   -  Let his son die  -  Like John McCain   -  His son, not him  -  Can't raise his arms.   Well, that's all we got tonight. Hope you enjoyed it.  And I hope the exhibits here at The Museum of Television & Radio  don't come to life like Night at the Museum.  - Hey, Peter! - (SCREAMS) Don Knotts!  - I just want to talk. - Stay away from me!  Andy Griffith used to beat me up.  He was a big drinker. Ask Ron Howard, he'll tell you.  Help! Someone!  Tim Conway was sleeping with half the Apple Dumpling Gang.  You two were the only ones in the Apple Dumpling Gang!  You're doing the math now, aren't you?         Hey, guys, look what I got.  It's a magic genie speaker that plays music, talks  and knows stuff, all without wires.  But there's a wire.  No more from you, please.  All right, let me squinch my face up  and put on a pair of glasses I never wear  to look at these directions.  Boy, if they were giving out medals for tiny writing  (CHUCKLES) Huh? Huh?  Okay.  Now, to activate the speaker, you say its name.  Brandee.  (BEEPS)  And now, you just talk at it.  Brandee, what's going on in the news?  Breaking news from The Huffington Post:  \"Prince bred purple dolphins.\"  Wasn't there a senator shot this morning?  You see? Right there, this device is a perfect example  of how we continue to become more inept  due to our dependency upon machines.  There was a time, not too long ago,  when people would talk to each other.  Yeah, the bad times, The Sucky Ages.  Our society is doomed.  People and technology are a bad match.  Just like moms and Radiohead.  Oh, no. No, no.  This isn't music.  No, I don't like this, David.  No. That's enough.  No, David, I don't like that.  No.  Sharon. Hey, it's Brian Griffin.  Wondering if you were free for dinner on Saturday.  You died? Oh.  So you're dead right now?  What's that like?  (LINE CLICKS, DIAL TONE)  God, why am I such a loser?  BRANDEE: Possible reasons for being a loser:  bad breath, arrogance, unemployment  Okay, okay.  This is not helping my hangover.  The Hangover Part III available for instant download.  I never saw it. Is it good?  Searching reviews.  Top critic on Rotten Tomatoes says,  \"I walked out of the theater, and I'm Ed Helms.\"  Okay, no download, but thanks.  Maybe you are useful.  But I bet you can't answer this question:  Brandee, what is love?  John Lennon said, \"Love is the answer.\"  He also said, \"No, thanks, every hot woman,  \"I'll take this woman crawling out of the well  from The Ring who none of my friends like.\"  Yeah, I bet they were all like, \"Oh, no.\"  - Downloading Yoko Ono. - Oh, no.  Downloading more Yoko Ono.  No, no. No Ono.  Downloading all Yoko Ono.  (YOKO ONO SCREECHING)  (SHOUTS)  Oh, no.  I don't care for this music either, David.  Boy, you know, I haven't stayed up all night  talking like that in forever.  And thanks for suggesting I buy that Fitbit.  Customers who bought Fitbit also bought  \"enormous exercise ball that's always in the way.\"  Why not? Just put it on my card.  Oh, good, there she is.  Brandee, this is very important:  what's the biggest poo anyone has ever pooed?  Come on, Peter.  History's largest bowel movement occurred in 1998,  at a Hardee's in Memphis, by Aretha Franklin.  Damn, I owe Chris five bucks.  Chris, you were right, it was '98!  This new hat looks pretty sharp.  I bet it does.  Shall I alert you when DickCaps.com  is having another sale?  Sure. I'll get that pre-frayed visor.  (QUIETLY): I, um, I like you, Brandee.  I like you, too.  That's weird.  You're on a weird date.  Peter, what are you doing here?  Pulling the popcorn bucket trick on myself.  I still can't find it.  This is humbling.  Whoa.  Welcome to Hodgepodge Lodge.  What the hell is all this crap?  Oh, just stuff Bran suggested I buy.  - (DOORBELL RINGS) - Ooh.  That might be the Every Shark Tank Item Ever Package.  - Brian Griffin? - Yes?  I'm from The Apache Collection Agency.  You're way over your credit card limit.  Whoa, h-hold on, hold on!  I didn't buy that, Peter bought that.  I know, but I need one.  BRANDEE: Brian, before I go,  there's something I want to tell you.  What? What is it?  The Grand Canyon spans 277 miles.  I'm gonna miss you, too, Brandee.  (SIGHS)  Stewie, you know what?  It's hard being a dog.  Maybe if you stopped feeling sorry for yourself,  you could actually do something positive with your life.  Ah, forget it.  I'm just gonna lie down on the couch  with my head on the armrest to accentuate how sad I am.  You know, Brian, if I had aw  one day in your body, I would give it back to you  with a new and improved life.  You know what my response is to that?  A through-the-nose dog exhale.  (EXHALES)  I realize I've wasted most of my life being a pathetic jerk.  You know, like you were at Disneyland.  Hey, kid, can you duck down for this picture?  What? Why?  It's our family photo.  You're kind of getting in the way.  I'm not ducking down, you duck down.  You're getting in my way.  Stop being a brat and duck down.  No way.  In fact, I'm standing.  Whoa, what's this?  Brian, I present to you  my Particle Interchange Transporter.    Wait, wait, wait. So when you said \"spend a day in my body,\"  you were being literal?  That's right, Brian.  This device will allow me to inhabit your body,  and you, mine.  That way, I can fix your life,  and then, return your body to you.  Now, the instructions gave me a couple of options.  I chose the one where my voice will be coming from your body,  and vice-versa.  Still, from time to time,  we will have to imitate the other person's voice  to fool those who don't know what we've done,  which is everyone.  Stewie, this is ridiculous.  Trust me. What do you have to lose?  Literally nothing.  Fine. But just for the record, every device you've ever made  has broken at some crucial juncture.  This one won't.  All right, you talked me into it.  Okay, here we go.  I'll see you on the other side  of your eyes.  Whoa. (LAUGHS)  (BEEPING)  (WHIRRING)  (ELECTRICITY SURGING)  (SIZZLING)  STEWIE: My hand.  I mean, your hand.  It's mine.  Yes!  BRIAN: Stewie, I think it worked.  We did it. We switched bodies.  Wow, this is really weird.  It feels like hey.  What the hell have you been complaining about?  I can't believe we actually switched bodies, Stewie.  And God, your head.  It's so heavy.  Yeah, you got to have a wide base.  Let the shoulders do more.  All right, all right, I think, I think I'm getting it.  Okay, I'm off to get you a job,  a girlfriend, and onto the road less scummy.  So how exactly are you planning to get me a job here?  It's very easy.  My research shows that every seven minutes,  a professor is fired for having sex with one of his students.  I simply wait until oh, here we go.  Are there any unemployed professors here?  Who haven't had sex with a student  or tweeted about assassinating the president?  All right, it's you.  Welcome to Poetry 101.  I'm Professor Griffin.  Please open your books to the introduction,  which defines what poetry is.  Now rip it out.  STUDENT: Do we include the foreword?  Yes, I suppose.  STUDENT 2: What about the preface?  Yes, the preface, too.  STUDENT 3: So, not the acknowledgements?  STUDENT 4: What about the frontispiece?  - That's not even a thing. - STUDENT: Yes, it is.  It's the illustration facing the title page.  Just rip everything out that's not poetry.  STUDENT 2: You wrote on the board, \"Everything is poetry.\"  Ignore that!  STUDENT 3: He didn't know what a frontispiece was!  STUDENT 2: Professor Griffin sucks!  (INDISTINCT WHISPERING)  Frontispiece.  (BOTH LAUGH)  What's wrong, honey?  Well, it's a long story, but I was really hoping  to come home with a job and a girlfriend today.  I could be your girlfriend, and give you a job.  Really?  This day's starting to look up.  Follow me into the men's room.  Is this is this dating?  Is this how dating works?  (CHUCKLES) You're cute.  I like you.  Help! She's trying to eat me!  Get back here!  You owe me a hundred dollars!  Anton, we got a runner!  You better pay my wife, bitch.  Go go, Brian dog legs!  (BARKING)  Hey, how'd it go fixing my life?  Oh, not great.  There's nothing I can do with this body.  Also, I know this is a big inconvenience,  but you and the trash guy now wave to each other.  Ah, really?  It's once a week, it's not that bad.  H-He really lit up.  Oh, and you're gonna hate this, but I gave him the salute,  so you're a salute guy now.  Well, is he a veteran at least?  Does it matter?  You're saluting the trash guy now.  All right, let's switch back.  Just a few more seconds, and we'll be back to normal.  (WHIRRING, ELECTRICITY SURGING)  - PETER: Hey, Chris. - CHRIS: Hey, four eyes.  PETER: What did you call me?  CHRIS: Oh, you're deaf, too?  (BOTH GRUNTING)  STEWIE: Wh-What happened?  BRIAN: Stewie? Is that you?  Yes, Brian, it's God, that is a tight belt.  How does he live like this?  Oh. There we go.  If I'm in Chris's body, he must be in mine.  He's got to be freaking out.  CHRIS: What the hell have you been complaining about?  Oh, my God, Peter!  Peter? You in there?  PETER: I feel really weird.  What the hell's going on? What happened to my body?  He's panicking. We can't let him know what's going on.  Don't worry, I got an idea.  Peter, everything's fine. Just look in the mirror.  Well, here you go, about to put you in front of the mirror.  Right now.  Oh, phew, there I am.  Hi, me!  Okay, everything seems normal.  Now to do my traditional \"Mirror Dance.\"  There's a place in France   Where I do my mirror dance   There's a hole in the wall where the men can see it all   But the women don't care   'Cause they're dancin' in their underwear.   And their bras.  Okay, that's great, Peter. Time for your nap.  But I'm not tired! I want to go to the Clam and  Thank God.  All right, just switch us all back.  Oh, my God, the machine's been damaged.  It's broken.  Swapping four bodies must've overloaded its system.  If I can't fix it, we'll be like this forever.  This is a total disaster,  like when the fat man tried to keep Michael Shannon  from going insane.  Meadows. Snowflakes.  Breeze through a cornfield.  A soaring bird. Rain on a metal roof.  Hey, Peter, I'm gonna need you to fill out your time card.  Yeah, sure, I'll have it by the end of the day.    It's okay.  We'll hire new people and start again tomorrow.  TV ANNOUNCER: We now return to a human hand  rolling a ball of clay.  - Yay! - Yay!  Stewie, enough of that. We have to fix the machine.  (KNOCKING ON DOOR)  Oh, God, the fat man's friends.  What's the black one's name?  Cleveland.  Cleveland, right. Cleveland!  Peter, you name-remembering son of a gun.  Come on, we're heading down to the Clam.  Oh, uh, wish I could, Glenn. Sure could go for a pomtini.  But, unfortunately, I've got to help my son Chris  with his homework.  Well, if you finish early  They've all switched bodies. Let's go.  That was close.  All right, let's get upstairs and fix  LOIS: Peter, come in the kitchen, I need your help.  What? Huh? I'm watching something.  Oh, God, keep him busy. I'll make this quick.  Hey, I realized I can reach the animal crackers,  so I'm actually gonna be a while.  Here, load these in the car.  Are you going away for a long time?  Oh, darn it. Darn.  Please tell me you didn't forget.  This is the weekend we're going to Dr. Johann's retreat.  Oh, uh, of course. Uh, remind me what that is again.  It's the couples' sex seminar  where the husband learns how to give his wife an orgasm.  Wait, are you saying  we have to have sex this weekend?  Yup. All weekend long.  Now that's what I call a curveball.  (\"CHARGE\" PLAYS ON ORGAN)  Commercial!  Peter? Everything okay?  You hardly spoke the whole car ride.  STEWIE: Uh, I-I was simply thunderstruck  at the prospect of intercoursing you. Darling.  (PHONE BEEPS)  (LINE RINGING)  Brian, you've got to help me.  Lois signed us up for some perverse, pee-pee-related class  on the female orgasm. She's crazed.  BRIAN: Wow.  You've got to get here with the machine so I can fix it.  Right. So I can take your place in Peter's body.  No! Bring everybody.  We've got to get things back to normal.  And hurry, she's all revved up.  (KNOCKING ON GLASS)  (WHIMPERS)  45 minutes to Weekapaug. If we hurry, we can get there  before Stewie's scarred for life.  CHRIS: Brian, it's only 10:30 a.m.  Why does my body crave alcohol?  That's perfectly normal for this time of day.  I'm sweating and shaking and planning out lies.  Yeah, well, why do I have the overwhelming urge  to eat Cheetos and masturbate in the woods?  Well, because it's 10:30 a.m.  I like us learning about each other.  Okay, everyone, please put your bananas and donuts  back on the table, we're done with that exercise.  Next, we'll focus on the female genitalia.  Oh, good Lord!  I mean, va-va-voom! Right, other men?  PETER: I'm confused as hell,  but I'm enjoying these graham crackers,  so I'm not gonna say anything.  What the hell was that?  - I think that was on purpose. - (TIRES SCREECH)  Oh, you think I forgot about you?  You owe my wife 100 bucks for a lavatory misunderstanding.  Hey, sugar.  I've never seen you before in my life.  Yeah, what are you even talking oh, Stewie.  - Aah! - Aah!  Brian, we got to get out of here.  All right, let's have an inconsistently smashed  windshield chase.    (YELLS)  (ELECTRICITY HUMMING)  (WHIRRING)  (BEEPING)  (POLICE SIREN CHIRPS)  Joe, thank God. We need to get to the Weekapaug Inn, fast.  Can you drive us?  CONSUELA: No, no.  Oh, God, Joe's swapped bodies with Consuela.  That must mean  - Everyone's swapped bodies! - The whole town swapped bodies!  Damn it, I was gonna say \"the whole town.\"  TRICIA TAKANAWA: I'm standing here for some reason  doing the weather in a giant black man's body.  What kind of a Friday is this?  OLLIE WILLIAMS: Freaky!  Back to you, Tom.  HERBERT: This just in,  all kids report to the blue van in the park at 3:00 p.m.  for free Popsicles.  JEROME: What the hell? Am I doing a Madea?  IDA: Oh, Lord, this time I'm gonna need a chainsaw.  QUAGMIRE: Don't do it. Don't do what I was gonna do.  - (CHITTERING) - No! No!  You've perverted something beautiful!  BRUCE: Oh, no!  KOOL-AID MAN: Oh, yeah!  FUAD: Ho-ho! Is funny 'cause different voices  are coming out of different mouths.  OSTRICH: ha-ha!  Wow, what a seminar.  That Dr. Johann sure knows his stuff.  Get over here.  Ugh! Gross!  I-I mean, uh (CHUCKLES)  Freakin' sweet, Lois.  Uh, one moment while I Desitin my junk in the bathroom.  - Stewie? - Brian, where the hell are you?  Lois just asked me if I want to see her kid's first apartment.  What does that mean, Brian?  I'm so frightened and confused.  We've got much bigger problems.  We hit a telephone pole, the machine activated,  and it swapped everybody in town.  - Good God. We've got to fix this. - (KNOCKING ON DOOR)  LOIS: Peter, I'm gonna open the door with no hands.  (DOORKNOB RATTLING)  (GAGGING)  Listen to me, Brian, we've got to act quickly.  I'll walk you through the repairs.  First, open the back panel.  Okay, it's open.  All right, now you got to reverse the voltage orientation  and amplify the electron flow to the motherboard.  Stewie, just say it in English or so help me God,  I will hang up and make you screw your mom.  Switch the black and yellow wires!  Stewie, I see the wires, but Chris's pudgy fingers  won't fit inside the panel.  STEWIE: Crap. I do this all the time.  Where's me?  PETER: Hey, who installed this car seat?  It's not even attached.  - (POUNDING) - One moment, dearest!  Okay, just use his tiny hands  to switch the black and yellow wires.  - Okay, got it. - I helped.  STEWIE: Great. Now we need to find  an energy source powerful enough to match the electrical surge  that swapped the town in the first place.  According to my GPS, you're 20 feet  from the base of the Quahog cell phone tower.  BRIAN: Okay, I think I found it.  Now I need you to strap the body swapper on your back  and climb to the top of the tower.  There's no time to waste.  (POUNDING)  (SCREAMING)  (WHIMPERS)  Muncha buncha Fritos!  No!  Brian, hurry!  Stewie, I'm in Chris's body.  I'm dragging 230 pounds of lard up a ladder.  I'm 215, you liberal dickweed!  (GRUNTS)  Okay, I'm at the top. What now?  STEWIE: Now you have to get struck by lightning.  Well, how do I do that?  You're an atheist, offend God.  Say something you couldn't say on TV.  All right.  Hey, God. (BLEEP)  (BLEEPING CONTINUES)  Not me.  You can't say that.  No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.  (ELECTRICITY BUZZING)  (SCREAMS)  Oh, God. No. No!  - (ELECTRICITY CRACKLES) - (YELLS)  (LOIS MOANS)  You didn't listen to a word Dr. Johann said, did you?  BRIAN: No, I did not.  I mean (CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY) The movie Road House.   You guys know what this meeting's about?  - No idea. - How about you, Morning Breath Mike?  (BREATHILY): I have no idea.  Listen up, everyone.  Sales are down across the board,  but mostly we're failing to connect  with a group called \"millennials.\"  I saw this guy cry one time.  To learn more about our target demographic,  we're all gonna watch this instructional video.  ANNOUNCER: News on the March  Millennials. Who are they? What do the want?  A millennial can be defined  as anyone born between 1982 and 2000.  Or anyone who thinks loving sriracha or Austin, Texas,  counts as a personality.  Millennials crave things like:  instant gratification,  authentic experiences,  and, for some reason we haven't figured out yet,  improv comedy.  Here's one millennial who has a parakeet  with nine million followers on Snapchat.  Here's another who singlehandedly started  the hashtags that cancelled 12 network TV shows  she found offensive.  And now I'm told she identifies as a man,  so I'm being fired.  ANNOUNCER 2 (SIMILAR VOICE): Hello. I'm your new announcer.  And actually, he was just about done.  Thank you and good day.  So please welcome someone who's gonna help us reach millennials,  our new head of social media, Hammer.  (PHONE CHIMES)  Oh. He just group-texted us \"hello.\"  - (CHIME) - And now here comes a text  from the guy who doesn't know this is a group text.  \"Nice to meet you, Hammer. Let's have lunch later,  and I'll tell you who's gay.\"  Right on. 'Sup? I'm Hammer.  Uh, first I'd like to not thank you for hiring me,  because I just expect good things to happen to me  without working for them.  Second, I'd like to give you all a list of my trigger warnings.  What's a trigger warning?  Actually, brah, asking me what a trigger warning is  is one of my triggers, brah.  I feel traumatized, brah.  And now I'm tweeting about you, brah.  And now you're trending, brah.  And now your life is ruined, brah.  And now you're fired, brah.  What what happened to Brah?  Also, the lack of diversity here is horrifying, brah.  Uh, Brah is gone.  Now, if we want to get some social media attention,  we got to start with a group selfie.  Um, excuse me. Didn't Ellen do this, like, three years ago?  Hey, does Taye Diggs follow you on Twitter?  No, but Kraft Singles does.  That's what I thought.  (CLICKS)  And posted.  Do you know what I just did? I just made you all viral.  Also, my band is playing tonight at an inconvenient time.  It's six un-showered guys and a pale woman with a ukulele  shouting \"Hey!\" in unison.  Because that's what music is now.    Hey!   Hey!   What is this? They just keep saying \"hey.\"  I know. It's my favorite song.  Oh, 'cause \"hay\" is for horses.  Hey, guys. You want to have a smoke break?  What? We can't smoke inside.  It's not smoking, Peter. It's vaping.  Everyone's doing it Even Darth Vaper.  (AMPLIFIED INHALE, EXHALE)  (LIKE DARTH VADER): I find your lack of vape disturbing.  Come on, Peter, give it a shot.  What happened? All of a sudden  I feel like I know better than everyone else!  That's because anytime someone walks through a cloud  of vape smoke, a millennial is born.  I think I feel it!  Broad City is so funny.  No, Broad City is genius.  No, no. Broad City is everything!  There it is. Grossly exaggerating  the quality of a just-okay TV show.  Peter, you're officially a millennial.  Hey, you want a ride in the Millennial Falcon?  Ah, look at that We found another one!  Peter, a rite of passage for any millennial  is attending Coachella.  It's a great place to see bands  that are either really new or really old.  - Which one should we see? - Well, on the main stage,  it's Tame Impala that formed in an UberPOOL on the way here.  And on the side stage, it's \"Neil Young asleep\"  in front of the television.\"  (CROWD SHOUTING INDISTINCTLY)  I always get him confused with Bloom County's Bill the Cat.  Peter, you're doing great as a millennial.  Next thing is you got to learn how to be on Fleek.  \"On fleek\"? People still say \"on fleek\"?  No, Peter, that's not what I meant.  I want you on Fleek.  This is Fleek.  Oh, can I ride him?!  Sure, Peter. Get on Fleek.    Yay!    Our country's involved in six different wars,  but millennials think about this stuff.  Remember, Peter, never walk anywhere  when you can ride something weird instead.  What's that? Sorry, I was taking a selfie  while shooting a Snapchat while Periscoping that Snapchat  while Instagramming latte art while Shazaming The Weekend  while streaming Master of None while retweeting George Takei  while saying, \"This wins the Internet!\"  while still being soooo bored.  Hammer?  Hammer? Come on, man, don't make me look up from my phone.  - (CHIME) - Oh, you're texting me.  Oh, no! Hammer!  You! Call 911!  You! Give me your shirt to make a tourniquet!  You! Snap a pic. Clarendon filter. Clarendon!  Hammer, stay with me, buddy.  Peter, if I die,  chop my body up and serve me as street tacos.  So selfless.  No! I won't let you be made into tacos!  (WHEEZING): Peter it's-it's too late.  Listen, I've got this idea for a business, and  I want you to have it.  It's artisanal.  A-Artisanal  Artisanal what? Is it pretzels?  Is it artisanal pretzels?!  Has that been done?  Does anyone know if artisanal pretzels is a thing?  It seems so obvious, yet I don't think I've ever seen them.  I better do millennial CPR.  One ugh, whatever  Two ugh, whatever  Three ugh, I'm gonna let my parents take care of this.  I've never been to a millennial funeral.  Yeah, it seems in poor taste that they hired Keyboard Cat.  (PLAYING JAUNTY SONG)  Assembled congregants,  no worries to you.  CONGREGATION: And also to you.  Let us tweet.  Peter, why is he naked in there?  It's an environmental statement.  Lois, please stop looking at my dead friend's dong.  Listen, I made breakfast and drove,  so if there's a dead dong, I'm gonna look at it!  We've all lost a great friend-slash-barista-  slash-deejay-  slash-Genius Bar employee-  slash-person with a yellow highlighter  at the Best Buy exit.  And now a reading from the book of JustJared.  \"Death be the ultimate fail.\"  Peter, I hate to do this here,  but you were good friends with Hammer,  and business at the brewery must go on.  That's why, as of today,  I'm making you head of social media.  Hey, whatever you want. I'm a team player.  I was even one of the 300.  Hey, does 299 work?  'Cause I got to go diarrhea off the cliff.  TV ANNOUNCER: We now return to Marvel's The Offenders.  BILL COSBY: Good morning, you see.  I gathered you all together Kevin Spacey,  Roman Polanski  (LIKE FAT ALBERT): hey, hey, hey  Woody Allen, Steven Seagal,  Matt Lauer with the Pudding Pop,  Brett Ratner,  and you, lesser-known offender James Toback.  MAN (LIKE INCREDIBLE HULK): Don't forget me!  (BOOMING STEPS)  Harvey shower!  (STAMMERS): I-I I-Is Matt Damon coming?  No, but he knows about all of us.  He's very aware of what's going on here, you see.  All right, guys, I got to come up with some social media ideas  for the brewery. What do ya got?  Oh, you want viral? You asked the right guy.  You remember Leeroy Jenkins?  - Yeah. - Right.  - What do you mean, \"right\"? - You know, Leeroy Jenkins.  - What about him? - Do that.  Joe, you can't That already happened.  Do it again. This time with beer.  Hang on a sec.  - Thank you. - How about some fruit in the beer?  No, guys, we need social media-specific plans  to reach a younger audience.  JOE: You remember \"Charlie Bit My Finger\"?  Do that.  You know what? I give up. We've given this  what, almost a minute?  Peter, that's the problem with kids today  They have no attention span.  Wait. That's it!  We'll do a show for people with no attention span.  We'll call it The Six Second Talk Show.  Well, I guess that could work. But it's just so sad  that young people can't pay attention  to something longer than six sec  - (GRUNTS) - MAN: Oh, oh, my God.  JOE and PETER and CLEVELAND: Whoa!  What the hell, you guys? I was talking.  You know, there's more to life than just what's on your phone.  Wrong, idiot.  (BEEPING)  Anyone know how to turn these things off?  All right, Six Second Talk Show  in three, two  I'm Peter Griffin, and this is the Six Second Talk Show.  My guest tonight is Joe Biden.  And that's all the time we have. Thanks for watching. Good night.  - How was that? - Eh, it kind of dragged.  Well, Congress is at it again.  Good night.  CLEVELAND: It's The Six Second Talk Show,  and now, your host, here  Welcome to The Six Second Talk Show.  I'm Peter Griffin, and now our musical guest, Barenaked Ladies.  -  It's been  - I'd like to thank our musical guest,  Barenaked Ladies. Good night.  Peter, I can't believe your talk show  is such a huge hit for the brewery.  And thanks to that, I'm now a huge social media star.  Oh, my God, what the hell is that?  Hello, Griffin family.  I'm coming to you live, via living room hologram.  I'm Parker Stanton, CEO of Boop,  the most powerful company in Silicon Valley.  - Do you know Mr. Skin? - Do you know Mr. Skin?  - Ah! - Ah!  - We'll talk later. - We'll talk later.  Look, Peter, the reason I'm here  is because of your Six Second Talk Show.  Now, I haven't had the time to watch it,  but I hear it's the buzz of Silicon Valley.  I want you and your family to visit us here as my guests,  so I can find out what the next big thing is.  Oh, I-I got lots of ideas.  I've been working on something called \"Look At It, Kick It.\"  (FOOTSTEPS)  PETER: Look at it  MAN: Excuse me, can I help you?  - PETER: Kick it! - (SCREAMS)  Pure genius.  See you in Silicon Valley.  Oh, this is exciting.  A family trip.  Yeah, I love traveling.  Oh, except that trip to Europe where we spent most of our time  trying to refold our map.  All right, the museum is that way,  so let's fold the map and go.  Okay, couple more folds  Nope, okay, wrong end.  Now, let's see  Nope, nope, that's wrong  Find the corners.  It's not a puzzle, Chris.  Y-You got to fold on the creases.  I'd be able to find the creases  if somebody had folded it correctly last time.  I did fold it correctly.  Nope, you didn't, and then, you jammed it into a backpack  and now I'm in this mess.  Don't blame me, you ripped it up  when you were tearing through the backpack for your snacks.  Okay, this is why I wanted to bring a globe, all right?  You don't have to fold a globe.  Who the hell would bring a globe on vacation?  See, Bon? We're eating food,  and they're tearing each other apart.  (FRENCH ACCENT): Where to next, mon chéri?  Welcome to Boop.  As our name suggests, our mainframe connects to  and powers virtually every server on the globe.  Without Boop, there is no Internet.  Hey, Parker. Are we still on  for the Samsung Galaxy Note meeting after lunch?  Yep. Are-are the test results in?  Yeah, but  (CHUCKLING): let's save it for the meeting.  Where's your nearest bathroom?  Gender-fluid?  Yes, there will be a lot of that.  Hmm, must be one of them high-tech Japanese toilets.  (ZIPS)  I'm gonna pee into electrical urinal   And make the sparks go higher.   I'm having so much fun.  (WHIRRING)  What the hell is going on?  Our mainframe is having a meltdown!  Hang on, let me flush.  (ALARM RINGING)  You idiot.  You shut down the entire Internet.  How could you do that?  This is the most irresponsible thing that I've ever  PARKER: Although I was incensed by this man,  I had to admire his courage for leaving his penis out  the entire time I was yelling at him.  As a man who struggles with body dysmorphia,  I couldn't help but be impressed  by that kind of self-confidence.  PETER: As I stood there, being berated by this man,  I couldn't help but notice his searching gaze.  Years later, we would bump into each other  at a small cafe in Rome and reminisce about this moment.  And later still, recreate it in a small bed and breakfast  at the bottom of the Spanish Steps.  But that's a story for another time.  Or, as they say in Italian, molto homo.  (GRUNTS)  Peter, you've done some stupid things,  but crashing the Internet has to be the dumbest yet.  Look at the chaos you've caused.  - (SIRENS WAILING) - (PEOPLE SCREAMING)  I have no idea how to drive without texting.  Why can't I post this video?  - Hello. - What did you say?  Why aren't you looking at your phone, you psycho?  Why is no one liking my posts?  Well, I hate all your posts!  Hello.  (SCREAMS)  Hello.  Peter, Lois is right.  This mess is all your fault.  Settle down, Brian.  I'm sure life will be just fine without the Internet.  Maybe we can even go see that Amish comedian.  Sir, where are you from?  MAN: Chicago.  I have never been to Chicago.  How about you, sir?  MAN 2: Boston!  I have never been to Boston.  Anyone here from the back fields of Pennsylvania, Ohio  or upstate New York?  MAN 3: No!  Then I have been Jebediah, son of Abner.  (MICROPHONE DISTORTION)  How are we gonna get back to the airport?  There's no Internet, which means there's no GPS,  which means we can't use Uber.  Okay, I have a crazy idea.  Let's get a cab.  There's a taxi stand.  Dead.  Dead  Dead.  Barely alive.  To the airport.  Now, because you can't stare at your phone anymore,  enjoy a disturbingly loud clip of Jimmy Fallon on cab TV.  Tonight, get ready to lose all respect for Al Pacino  when I force him to play a game meant for children!  This.  This is why Uber.  No Netflix, no Hulu, no Amazon  I'm so bored.  Come on, Meg, you're overreacting.  We still got network TV.  ANNOUNCER: We now return to Kevin Can Wait on CBS.  Well, that's not gonna work.  Okay, everybody, don't panic.  We'll just do what people did before the Internet.  We can play charades.  Oh, you mean like your marriage?  Chris, I told you that in confidence.  Dad, you got to do something.  Nobody can live without the Internet.  Ah, you're right. This sucks.  It's even worse than when I was roommates  with Oscar Pistorius.  - (KNOCK AT DOOR) - Somebody's in here.  - (GUNSHOTS) - Somebody's in here!  I'm the one who screwed this up.  I'll be the one to fix it.  I'll be the Internet.  What are you talking about?  We can do all the things we loved about the Internet.  We just got to do it without technology.  From now on, if you want to tweet something,  you do it the old-fashioned way:  write it on a piece of paper,  staple it to a bird, and throw it out the door.  (CHIRPS)  Hey, do you follow Peter Griffin on Twitter?  No. Why? Is he funny?  No, he just throws dead birds on his lawn.  It's awesome.  Great news, Chris. I figured out  how to recreate the best part of the Internet.  I've got pictures of five celebrities  who you'd never believe used to be fat.  - Great, let's see 'em. - Sure, buddy.  But first you have to watch this unwelcome pop-up ad.  I don't want probiotics.  Then press the \"skip ad\" button.  Why should I do all this work?  They're really good pictures, Chris.  Number three will shock you.  Okay, I'll press it.  Oh, no! You pressed in the wrong place,  and now you're being sent to the ad's website,  which also has additional pop-ups.  This is a nightmare!  Just tell me one of 'em.  Kenan Thompson.  That's not a surprise!  Peter? What are you doing?  Oh, I'm your Waze app today.  - You on your way to work? - Yeah, I am.  All right, you will be there in six minutes.  Just start heading straight.  Okay, sounds good.  - So, how's everything at - Take a right! Right now!  (TIRES SQUEAL)  Geez, okay, calm down.  Left! Take a left immediately!  (WOMAN SCREAMS)  PETER: Would you like to upgrade  to an ad-free experience for $4.99?  - QUAGMIRE: No. - Try new Domino's Pizza.  Hey, Peter, who are these guys?  Oh, this is just my looping GIF  of black teens reacting to a very mild burn.  Huh. Sounds kind of pointless.  Oh, you mean like your feet?  (REPEATED SHOUTING AND LAUGHING)  All right, trying to be the Internet is impossible.  I wish I never peed on that server.  You know, when my phone gets wet,  I just put it in a bag of rice.  Shut up, Meg. That's dumb.  I've done that before. It works.  (GASP) Chris, that's brilliant.  We just need a big bag and a lot of rice.  You sure that's gonna work?  Eh, worth a shot.  We'll just have to roll up our sleeves  and do the best we can,  like the men who built New York City.  Men, creating an entire subway system out of nothing  is grueling, thankless, life-threatening work.  But just remember: we're doing this  so that one day, future commuters can be hassled  by panhandlers and amateur break-dancers.  What about public masturbators?  Especially public masturbators.  Now, let's go die underground!  (WORKERS CHEERING)  Look, we're getting a signal.  I think we fixed the Internet.  Something's coming through.  It looks like an ad.  \"Smithwick's Artisinal Pretzels.\"  Son of a bitch!  Well, I'm glad you got the Internet  H-Hold on.  I'm sorry, what-what were you saying?  Yeah, sounds good.  And send.  Take that, Delta Air Lines.  Submitted for your approval:  a restaurant full of people so distracted by their phones,  they're unaware that they're all about to go up in smoke,  just like the Fox Tuesday night lineup.  (REPEATED SHOUTING AND LAUGHING)         Is it me, or does David Ortiz  look just like the mom on Good Times?  - Oh, Peter, that's racist. - Well, no. Look.  I take it back.  That's not racist. That's just accurate.  Hey, guys, guess who's got the keys  to a speedboat just sitting down at the station?  How'd you get a speedboat?  Well, it's a funny story.  [LAUGHTER.]  That was a funny story.  Especially the funny part.  You really delivered on your promise.  All right, who's up for waterskiing?!  - Hell yeah! - All right!  Yeah, let's do it!  Oh, that sounds amazing! I love boats.  Boats are my thing.  Anything to get out on the open water, enjoy the salt air.  Oh, they're already gone.  PETER: No, you didn't widen enough.  But you still can't come.  Good evening, Quahog. Just parking. Be there in a sec.  [FOOTSTEPS RUNNING.]  Our top story:  authorities have uncovered a mob-run prescription drug ring  targeting Goldman's Pharmacy.  The scam involved fraudulent prescriptions  submitted for dead people.  Pharmacist Mort Goldman failed to report  to authorities for questioning.  A $10,000 bounty has been offered for his return.  $10,000? That's a lot of money.  Could be our money, Brian.  We could find Mort. Easily.  Besides, we haven't done anything together  since our confusing two-host talk show.  So, Chris Pratt, I hear you have a new movie out.  So, Chris, you're from Seattle?  Chris, what was it like working with Amy Poehler?  Hey, Chris, anything you can tell us about Guardians 3?  - Chris! Chris! - Chris! Chris!  - Chris Pratt, always a pleasure. - Well, that's all the time  - we have with Chris Pratt. - BOTH: Take it away,  - multiracial modern band! - retro swing guys!  - [both bands playing.] - MALE ANNOUNCERS: Guests of  - The Stewie Griffin Show stay - The Brian Griffin Show stay  - at the Essex House. - at the W Times Square.  [SEAGULLS SQUAWKING.]  Waterskiing!  - All right! - Water-sitting!  You got to cut to the right.  No, no, it's counterintuitive. You got to cut left.  I know how to drive.  - [HORNS HONKING.] - Stop looking at us!  Ugh! Maybe we won't be going waterskiing today.  Shut up, Joe.  Hey, you want some help? I do this all the time.  [BLEEP.] Get back in your car with your wife!  When you're going backwards, everything's the opposite.  Oh, really? Thanks, driving instructor.  I feel like everyone watching knows  I'm incapable of pleasing my wife sexually.  Now cut the wheel. Cut the wheel!  No, the other way!  [ENGINE REVVING.]  [TIRES SCREECH.]  Ah, hell, we're gonna be on the Internet.  - [METAL SCRAPING.] - [QUAGMIRE SIGHS.]  You know what? Screw it.  Let's boat!  Cleveland, aren't you waterskiing?  - I don't like getting wet. - Oh, come on.  What's the worst that could happen? [LAUGHS.]  [YELLING.]  [CREATURES SHRIEKING, CHITTERING.]  [PEOPLE SCREAMING, CLAMORING.]  Mort must have panicked after the pharmacy bust and fled town.  If we're gonna collect our ten grand,  we need to figure out where he went.  Crap. His computer is password-protected.  Um, try \"Such heat this day.\"  - [BEEP.] - Nope.  How about \"This fish is cold, I want a refund\"?  - [BEEP.] - No.  \"But I lost the receipt.\"  - [BEEP.] - Bingo.  Aha!  A confirmed plane ticket to Boca Raton.  Looks like we're going to Florida.  They must have figured out where the pharmacist is.  We got to get to him first.  We're going to Florida, too.  I know the answer is no, but is there any chance  there's time for the Wizarding World of Harry Potter?  Tony, what if the answer is a resounding yes?  [LAUGHS.] Oh!    What the hell?  [PANTING.] Oh. Oh, God!  [YELLING.]  Oh, my God! That shark's attacking Quagmire!  I think it's got him by the wiener!  Man, that guy can get anyone to do that to him.  [YELLING.]  [PANTING.]  - Quagmire, are you okay? - Do I look okay?!  I think you'll be fine.  You just got to wipe that squashed tomato off your crotch.  [ALL GASP.]  Oh, my God! Quagmire lost his penis!  All right, we got to let all the other boats know.  What is it again?  White flag for \"friendly,\"  black for \"not friendly,\" blue flag for \"penis loss\"?  Oh, man, that sucks.  Doc, give it to us straight. What's going on with our friend?  Well, Mr. Griffin, there's no easy way to put this,  so I'm just gonna come right out and say it.  - He's black. - Not that friend. Quagmire.  Oh, him. Well, Mr. Quagmire,  you've had quite the nasty shark attack.  Luckily, you'll be okay.  But you're going to have to learn to live without a penis.  Or will you?  Oh, what's this?  Is it your penis?  Nah, I'm just foolin'.  I play that with my penis-less patients to lighten the mood.  Liev Schreiber gets a big kick out of it.  Doc, do you know who you're talking to?  - That penis was my whole life! - It's not so bad.  At least you're not this pathetic guy  who couldn't get his boat in the water.  [LAUGHS.] Have you seen this?  You should take his wiener. He's clearly not using it.  - [ENGINE REVVING.] - PETER: Stop looking at us!  [LAUGHTER.]  Ah, that that does that does make me feel better.    - What are we doing here? - This is Pitbull's house.  He knows everything about South Florida.  He can help us find Mort.  DOORBELL [PITBULL'S VOICE.]: Doorbell, doorbell,  doorbell, ring.  [LAUGHS.] It's my house.  Esta mi casa.  Wow. Imagine kind of knowing two languages.  Hang on. I'm in the middle of writing a song.  Tingta tongka te tong tong tink.   [LAUGHS.] That's a hit.  What can I do for you, my friends amigos?  I told you. This guy's the real deal.  We're looking for a friend who's hiding out down here.  He's a Jewish pharmacist from Rhode Island.  - Coral Palm Motel. - Told you.  RADIO DJ: And here's Pitbull with his newest hit,  \"Tingta Tongka Te Tong Tong Tink.\"  [HEAVY DANCE BEAT PLAYING.]  Adios good-bye, amigo friends.  I got to go get paid to scream \"Make some noise!\" in Vegas.  - [KNOCK ON DOOR.] - [DOOR CREAKS.]  I think I hear Mort in the bathroom.  MORT: Come on, urine, you can do this!  It's just like your toilet at home. Please!  It's been five days now. Why won't you just cooperate?!  - [FLOORBOARD CREAKS.] - Is someone out there?  [HIGH-PITCHED.]: Housekeeping!  Oh, come on in. I'm just urinating.  Tinkle, tinkle, splash, splash, swoosh. Yeah, look at  Oh, boy, what a healthy stream!  - Will it ever end? - [ZIPS PANTS.]  What are you guys doing here?  We're taking you back to Quahog to collect our reward.  Oh, no, I can't go back there!  - The mob will kill me! - [PHONE CHIMES.]  - Ha! - What?  A shark bit Quagmire's penis off.  Ha.  I can't believe it. This is horrible.  - What am I gonna do? - Come on, now.  Keep that enormous chin up, Glenn.  There's lots you can do.  You could devote your life to Christ,  or become a eunuch.  Cleveland, why don't you sit this one out?  Listen, Quagmire, I got just the way  for you to embrace your new life without a penis.  I've had this computer blocked  so you can discover all the other exciting things  - on the Internet besides porn. - Like what?  Well, uh, there's, uh  I like to research birds. Try to learn a bird a day.  Well, not that necessarily, but, uh  You got your robin.  Wow, you really know your stuff, Joe.  - Your swallow. - Swallow?  Uh, actually this is what we're trying to avoid.  You got your titmouse.  Damn it, Joe, stop with the sex birds!  Look, I appreciate what you're trying to do, guys,  but this is a disaster.  You don't understand what that penis meant to me.  We did everything together.  Absolutely everything.  \"As she tenderly unlaced her silken corset,  Jennifer shuddered in anticipation of  the sensual night ahead.\"  This is not good.  As soon as I'm back in Quahog,  - the mob is gonna kill me! - I don't care.  We're getting the hell out of Florida.  Florida. Which, interesting trivia,  was the name of the mom in Good Times  played by David Ortiz.  Uh-oh, looks like the mob knew we were coming.  It's him! Get him!  Oh, no! We're done for!  No, we're not. I'm the fastest Jew in the world.  Crap. They got Mort. There goes our reward.  Well, maybe we were in over our heads.  Like an announcer who knows nothing about his sport.  ANNOUNCER 1: He's got about 190 yards to the hole.  Looks like he's going for his 5-iron.  And those greens are playing very fast,  so he's gonna have to use caution on his approach.  ANNOUNCER 2: Yeah, yeah.  ANNOUNCER 1: Jordan Spieth, of course,  having a great tournament.  He birdied this hole yesterday.  ANNOUNCER 2: Is that right? Wow.  ANNOUNCER 1: And he hits a great shot, right on the green.  ANNOUNCER 2: Yeah, yeah.  How, uh how do you win golf?  TV ANNOUNCER: We now return to HGTV's  Couples Looking for a House  Where the Woman Doesn't Know the Guy's Gay.  Well, I'm looking for a place with good schools,  and, because he works in the city,  he's looking for an easy commute.  Yeah, she teaches here at the high school  and I work in town as a choreographer and florist.  And we'll probably need a nursery.  Well, that's a discussion.  [DOORBELL RINGS.]  - Oh, hey, Quagmire. - Hey, Peter.  I just came by to thank you  for giving me the kick in the pants I needed  to stop feeling sorry for myself  - and embrace my new life. - I farted.  As a result, I've rediscovered an old hobby  I used to love as a kid: ventriloquism.  And I wanted to invite you guys to the opening  of my new show at the Quahog Playhouse.  Quagmire, we'd be delighted to attend. Wouldn't miss it.  Gosh, thanks, Peter. That means a lot.  Okay, see you there.  Damn it! Why did I even open the door?!  Ugh!  Getting excited.  Now I got to go to this thing! Ugh! Bite me!  Laughing already just thinking about it.  Only one way to get out of this!  [GUNSHOT.]  Oh, I'm so glad Quagmire's back on his feet again.  PETER: God, this is gonna be torture.  Break a leg.  Oh, hello.  I didn't realize the curtain was up.  - And people think I'm the dummy. - [PETER LAUGHS.]  CHRIS: How is that doll talking?!  I'm Glenn, and this is Edgar.  What a great crowd, huh, Edgar? This is gonna be a fun night.  You call this fun?  You're talking to a wooden doll to make up for the fact  that you can't have sex anymore.  [CHUCKLES.] Come on, come on, Edgar.  That's-that's not true.  Besides, if you've got all the answers, what do you suggest?  Here's a suggestion.  Blow your [BLEEP.] brains out in front of all these people.  Is this, is this real?  [CHUCKLES.]: Oh, c-come on, Edgar.  I-I got a lot to live for according to everybody.  I'm not gonna kill myself.  - Well, then, maybe I can help. - [GUN COCKS.]  - [CROWD GASPS.] - Quagmire, no!  JOE: Oh, God, Peter's here. I so don't want to talk to him.  Hey, buddy. We got to catch up.  Well, Edgar, if you think that would be best.  Yes, you'll be out of your misery.  CHRIS: I think it's the guy talking!  Quagmire, have you lost your mind?!  I'm holding this gun until you start thinking straight.  GUN: Use it on yourself, Joe.  There's more than one bullet in here, Joe.  Yeah, on second thought, maybe you should hold this, Cleveland.  GUN: Are you really gonna just sit there  after all the crap white people have given you your whole life?  You know, maybe you should hold this, Peter.  GUN: Peter, you could get free tacos with me.  It worked!    Quagmire, why the hell would you want to kill yourself?  Yeah, who ever heard of a depressed ventriloquist?  You want to know why? Because I can't do this anymore.  My life is over.  I tried to adjust, but it's impossible.  Come on, Quagmire, it's not impossible.  You want impossible, try eating local pizza  with a guy from New York.  You call this pizza?  We do here, yes.  All right, Brian, I negotiated to get Mort  - back from the mob. - How?  I told them Mort gave us his flash drive  with enough evidence to put them all in jail.  We're going to trade it for Mort and collect our money.  And I also ordered an extra slice of pie.  Because you know how many times we live, Brian?  Once.  [SNICKERS.] Once.  [BOTH LAUGH.]  [DOORBELL RINGS.]  - Hey, Dad. - I'm so sorry, Glenn.  Stop staring, Cleveland!  CLEVELAND: I can support his lifestyle  and still think it's weird!  - Thank you, Cleveland. - Have a blessed day!  Believe me, Glenn, I know what you're going through.  No, you don't.  You had yours surgically removed in a hospital.  I had mine bitten off by a shark!  I'm not allowed to go into the ocean anymore.  The doctor says I can't get seawater in it.  I also have Crohn's disease.  They're unrelated.  Why are you here, Dad?  I knew you were down in the dumps,  so I brought you something to cheer you up.  A Yeti cooler?  - That is kind of rad. - No, that's mine.  Your gift is inside.    Is that your?  Yes, Glenn. It's my penis.  After my surgery, I kept it in my freezer.  Next to a snowball from the winter, if you can believe that.  I want you to have it.  I I can't take your penis, Dad.  Please, take it.  If you don't, I'm just gonna give it to Paul Ryan.  I don't know what to say.  Thank you.  [SINGSONGY.]: Weird.  Proud of you guys, but weird.  [MONITOR BEEPING STEADILY.]  Okay, has everyone washed their hands?  Me neither, but going forward, let's try.  I'm so nervous for Quagmire.  I know, but it's nice that they served hot dogs for the surgery.  There it is! Give me that!  - [MONITOR BEEPING STEADILY.] -    Nurse, you put it on there. I'm not gay.  The operation was a success.  - Congratulations, Quagmire! - Thanks, guys.  And, Dad, I don't know how to thank you.  You've given me the greatest gift I could ever ask for.  - I love you, son. - I love you, too.  - So, will it work, Dr. Hartman? - Oh, yes.  I'm not sure about urination or sex, but otherwise, yes.  So, how you feeling?  I'm actually in extreme pain, Doc.  It's like knives are stabbing into my crotch.  Don't worry, that'll go away  once you fill your prescription at Goldman's Pharmacy.  - Mort's is closed. - Oh. Oh, yeah.  Cool tie-in with the other story, though.  I'm trying to get more involved in the writing this season.  In fact, I think Family Guy should be more of a dramedy.  - What's a dramedy? - Well, for one thing,  the scenes don't have to end with jokes.  [CRICKETS CHIRPING.]  - You got the flash drive? - Yep.  All the information that could put you away forever.  Now, again, I don't know why we couldn't  have done this by Dropbox.  I mean, I don't mind coming here to a parking lot  I had to get Mort anyway but  Dropbox would've saved you time.  And you wouldn't have to mail me back my flash drive.  What do you mean, mail it back?  You were planning to keep it? It's 64 gigs!  I bought the coverage. You're not getting the coverage.  Hi, guys. I'm a pharmacist.  Ugh, Mort is so hard to write for.  Okay, give us Mort.  My mailing address is in the flash drive.  - [SIREN WAILING.] - FBI! Freeze!  [TIRES SCREECH.]  What the hell is this?  Thanks for your cooperation, Mr. Goldman.  Wait a minute. You were working with the Feds?  Absolutely.  When I heard there was a reward,  I immediately turned myself in.  So you guys get bupkis.  I'm a pharmacist.  Well, Brian, we may not have gotten the $10,000,  but it'll be a joy  [DR. HARTMAN'S VOICE.]: to hear no more Jewish talk  for a long while.  \"Brian and Stewie laugh. The image freezes.  The end.\"  Ah, that was a good day's work.  I've earned this.  Little shot of the ol' Sorkin genius juice.  So, Quagmire, how's the new rod holding up?  Yeah, you know. Good, pretty good.  I've been having a lot of sex. Um  My dad didn't mention there's a four-inch mole on the left side.  - What? - Uh-huh.  It's, like, the size of a 50-cent piece  - and a dime kissing each other. - Yikes. Frightening.  Yeah, some gals find it off-putting.  I try to tell them it's my dad's old penis, but that, um  that just tends to make it worse.  But the girls that stay are just great.  Well, I'm happy for you, Quagmire.  Don't be. Anyway, I got to take a leak.  Well, I'm just glad our friend's  - back to his old self. - [QUAGMIRE SCREAMING.]  Yeah, seems he hasn't missed a beat.  It's great that we can be there for each other in trying times.  - What's that noise? - [QUAGMIRE CONTINUES SCREAMING.]  That's the sound of peeing out your daddy's wiener.   - Peter, you're not even dressed. - For what?  Chris's class is performing a rock and roll choir.  They've been practicing for months.  \"For months,\" or \"four months\"?  For months. Three months.  Not long enough. Pass.  I just wish we were doing songs  that weren't so hard to sing as a group.  Six o'clock, TV hours, don't get caught in foreign tower   Slash and burn, return, listen to yourself churn   Lock him in uniform and book burning, bloodletting   Leonard Bernstein   Birthday party, cheesecake, jelly bean, boom   - How was it? - Terrible.  TV NARRATOR: We now return to a 1980s movie  you remember fondly,  but now feels excruciatingly slow.  All right, Stripes.  Ah, this was hilarious.  All right, Bill Murray's driving a cab.  - Still driving a cab. - (CAR HORN HONKS ON TV)  Shot of the town.  Going over a bridge.  Traffic's neither heavy nor light.  Get in the Army!  I hope you don't plan on just lying on the couch  and watching TV all weekend.  That's exactly what I plan to do.  It's a free premium channel preview weekend.  Even Cinemax.  One of the shows is actually two boobs fighting.  Sadly, there's still no penetration.  Well, just expect me to do  a lot of sour-faced, arms-folded head shaking.  (GRUNTS)  Well, in return,  you'll get a lot of beaten-down husband eye-rolls.  (SIGHS)  - (GRUNTS) - (SIGHS)  - (LOIS GRUNTS) - (SIGHS)  - (GRUNTS) - (SIGHS)  - (GRUNTS) - (TAPPING ON WINDOW)  One of the neighbors called about  a passive-aggressive domestic dispute.  Ooh, is that Stripes?  Eh, he's not in the Army yet.  Peter, this is ridiculous.  You've been lying here all weekend.  I'm not bringing you any more food.  I don't need you to. I got a thousand dollar credit  from Uber Eats 'cause that driver pinched my bottom.  Okay, well if you don't get up, I won't have sex with you.  And that will be different how?  And I'm still married to you because?  (TAPPING ON WINDOW)  Guys, second time this week.  Peter, you got to come outside.  We found a used condom on the sidewalk.  That's a bigger deal than regular garbage.  Ribbed. A woman was pleased with it.  You got to see this, Peter.  A used condom.  Just right out here.  And there's panties nearby.  Joe, you're a cop.  What do you think happened here?  I'll tell you what happened.  Somebody did it.  Yeah!  Peter, come out here and high five us  over the sex someone else had.  Someone had sex?  I got to touch another guy's hand to celebrate.  (GASPS)  (GRUNTING)  (MARCHING MUSIC PLAYING)  PETER: Oh, now he gets to the Army.  Hmm. I've seen this before.  It's from Ethan Allen, if I'm not mistaken.  - Am I gonna be okay? - You'll be fine.  Here's a video to help you understand.  Hi, I'm Oliver Platt, and I'm currently fused to this chair.  But how does it happen?  When a fat guy's sweaty skin  presses against couch fabric  for an extended period of time,  the fabric fibers fuse together with the skin.  The longer you stay sedentary, the stronger the bond.  My advice: relax.  It's not the end of the world.  Being fused to furniture hasn't stopped me  from being an adult with a child's name.  And having thicker hair than a werewolf.  The procedure is called \"Rip You Off Real Fast.\"  Very painful. Ready?  Actually, I've decided to keep the couch on me.  Really? Are you sure?  Oh, yeah. This is nothing.  I've been in uncomfortable situations before.  Like, whenever I meet famous people.  Hey, what's up? I'm Snoop Dogg, know what I'm saying?  I do.  PETER: But you don't, Peter, you don't.  How is it? Is-a good?  Eh, it's a little tight.  A little tight in-a the couch?  Yeah, it's a little tight in the couch.  Hey, what's it like going through life  holding needles in your lips?  Is-a not easy.  Some-a time-a the needle, they poke-a my lip,  and I say-a, \"Mamma mia!\"  Well, you still got James Brolin coming in here,  autographing your photos.  That's kind of cool.  You want to know something, a-Peter?  He no come in here.  I take-a the photo from the dry cleaner's.  Mamma mia, what a day.  And now to say good night  to all-a my celebrity pictures on-a the wall.  Buona notte, Christopher Plummer.  Sleep-a with the angels, Sherman-a Hemsley.  See you when-a the sun shine, Ken Ober.  And now, to say good night to my favorite-a celebrity,  James-a Brol mamma mia!  Who steal-a my James Brolin?  I take-a that photo from the bakery.  Pasta fazool, what a good day in-a the bakery.  You take-a good care of the place  while I'm-a gone, William-a Katt.  That goes a-double for you, James-a Brol mamma mia!  Uh, hey, Mom?  Was I always able to see the living room from the kitchen?  (SIGHS) I've had enough of this.  That stupid couch is messing up our house.  If Peter won't let Dr. Hartman remove it,  we're doing it ourselves.  I put an Ambien in his beer, so he's out cold.  I saw you put Ambien in your beer, too.  Every adult has to take Ambien every night  to even have a prayer at sleep.  (SNORING)  (DOOR CREAKS)  All right, kids, we're gonna use these scissors  to separate your father from the couch.  I can't tell skin from couch.  Well, err on the skin side.  I love this couch.  It's from Ethan Allen, you know.  (SCISSORS SNIPPING)  Wha?  W-What-what's going on?  Peter, enough is enough, that couch is coming off.  We're sick of your shenanigans.  (GRUNTS) How dare you?  I work my ass off to bring home the bacon for this family,  and all you can say is, \"We don't want bacon,  we want actual money!\"  Well, I don't have money, I spent it all on bacon!  Peter, put yourself in our shoes.  I can't. My feet swelled up too much from all the bacon.  Now, if you'll excuse me, I'm going to sleep  on the couch on the couch.  (GRUNTS)  (GRUNTING)  (GRUNTING)  Chris, give me a hand with this.  All right, you ready?  All right, one, two, three.  - Okay, uh, easy, easy, easy - Uh uh  - Easy, easy, easy, easy, easy. - Okay, all right.  Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop.  - Stop, stop. - What? What?  - No, no, no, no, no. Twist it. - What? I am.  Just look down, all right? Just-just look at me,  look what I'm doing. All right, see the way I'm twisting it?  - Okay, ju No, no, no, no, no. - Okay. Wait what?  You know what? All right, just Hang just put-put it down.  - Put it down. Just drop it, drop it. - All right. All right.  All right, let's Let's just hang on and figure this out.  All-all right, okay.  All right. Okay. I-I got it. I know what we're gonna  Okay, okay. All right, y-you We here's what we're gonna do,  We're gonna take the cushions off,  unscrew the legs, take the mattress out,  and this whole thing's gonna be a lot simpler.  It's easier than we're making it.  - (GRUNTING) - This isn't working.  You know what? Just give me a push.  (GRUNTS)  (SCREAMING)  (CRASHES)  I have some bad news.  Ethan survived, but Allen didn't make it.  - What about Peter? - Oh, him.  He's in what we call a comma.  Now, where's his chart?  Ah, here it is. \"Griffin coma Peter.\"  Will he ever recover?  How long is he gonna be like this?  (ECHOING): Please tell me he's gonna be okay  (WIND GUSTING)  Oh, God.  (MALE CLEARS THROAT)  God?  Yes.  And no Trump questions.  Okay.  I have nothing else to ask you.  I can't believe I'm stuck in an elevator with God.  Although, I guess you are everywhere, and in all places.  No, you're thinking of Kevin Hart.  Ha! I know, right?  (LAUGHING): I-In every movie.  Him and The Rock.  Oh, I love The Rock.  No, no, no, I love The Rock, too.  He's just-he's just in a lot of stuff.  You know, his real name is Dwayne Johnson.  Yeah, I know.  We have Us Weekly on Earth, too.  Wait, why are you here?  Shouldn't you be up in heaven?  There was an issue.  Uh, a-a few angels came forward.  I don't remember things exactly as they do,  but I respect their experience.  How did I get here?  Well, you had a couch attached to your back,  and you fell down the stairs and hit your head pretty hard.  Am I in a Leftovers?  Is this a Leftovers?  I don't know what that is.  It was an HBO show starring a bottle of hair dye.  Man, this thing is really stuck.  Hey, can you use your God powers to get us out?  No, they don't really work in elevators.  Kind of like a cell phone.  I don't have a signal.  I have a cell phone.  It's silver.  That's rad, Peter.  I always dreamed of being stuck in an elevator with Tom Brady.  That makes two of us.  Can I ask you my Tom Brady questions?  I wouldn't deign to speak for Tom Brady.  Understood, understood.  - Hey, do atheists go to hell? - No.  How about people who say they are not religious,  but they are spiritual?  Straight to hell, to the boiler room of hell.  All the way down.  Sometimes, I pull them out  just so they think everything is gonna be okay,  but then, I put them right back in.  Good, good.  That makes me happy.  Um, God, here's something you might be able to tell me.  Will Taylor Swift and Katy Perry  ever reconcile their differences?  What are you looking for?  Oh, I'm sorry, I'm looking for the gay guy  who can answer that one.  Some people say we're just a computer simulation  run by a higher species.  - Is that true? - It is.  (COMPUTER TONES PLAY)  My guy sucks.  Want to trade guys for a little while?  Oh, never mind.  I'll stick with this pile of crap I already have.  All right, can you name every SNL actor alphabetically?  - Alphabetically by last name? - Yes.  - And no featured players? - Yeah, okay.  Fred Armisen, Dan Aykroyd, Morwenna Banks, Vanessa Bayer  Jon Lovitz, Norm Macdonald, Gail Matthius  Gail Matthius, good pull.  Michael McKean, Mark McKinney  Nancy Walls, Kristen Wiig, and Sasheer Zamata.  Wow. Now do Kids in the Hall.  That was five guys, Peter.  - Name 'em. - I can't.  Does reincarnation exist?  It does.  As past human lives or as animals?  - Both. - Who have I been?  - You were Henry the Eighth. - Wow!  Let me finish. You were Henry, the eighth guy to have sex  with Rock Hudson at one of his pool parties.  Aww.  How many more shows is John Stamos gonna get?  - Zero. - Good. That's That's good.  Are you real?  Do you think I'm real, Peter?  I like to believe there's something bigger than me  out there keeping a watch out.  Different people think different things.  I'm kind of like a nanny cam.  The idea that I may exist is enough  for some people to behave better.  When I used to ask my mom what God was, she would say,  \"God is love.\" I always liked that.  That's nice, Peter.  God and love are very similar concepts.  - They come from the same place. - Tatooine?  Ha! I always forget you're such a Star Wars guy.  Man, when are they gonna fix this elevator?  It's not broken. I just haven't decided where it's going yet.  (GASPS) What's a \"mezzanine\"?  - It's like a loge. - What's a \"loge\"?  Oh, hey, what's with all the questions?  Yeah, you don't know either.  W-Wait, hold on.  - Am I Am I dead? - Yes.  Oh, my God!  Since you're now a ghost, would you like to do pottery  while straddling present-day Demi Moore?  - Pass. - Yeah.  Not getting a lot of takers for that one.  I feel like the bones in her back  would hurt my tummy.  Am I Am I really dead?  Well, if you weren't dead,  would you feel nothing when I do this?  Ah! Son of a bitch!  Oh, you know what? That's right, it takes a day.  M-My bad. Sorry.  Tomorrow I do that, you feel nothing.  But trust me, you're dead.  But I can't be. Hold on, give me a sec.  (PANTING)  I can't be dead. I have a family who needs me.  Actually, Peter, from what I've seen,  I think your family would be better off without you.  What? What do you mean?  Well, you're an inattentive husband  and a terrible parent.  Oh, says Father of the Year.  Oh, please. He played that for all it was worth.  \"Why has thou forsaken me?\"  You know what? I did him a favor.  Okay, well, th-there's a lot to unpack there.  But come on, God, you gotta give me another chance.  I'll show you how good a husband and father I can be.  Are you asking for a second chance?  I-I guess so.  Huh. No one's ever done that.  You know what? You're on.  I'll give you one day to prove to me  that your family is better off with you alive.  I'll return you to your life before you were in a coma.  Thanks, God! I know I can do it.  I've faced bigger challenges.  Like when I recorded that Russian language album.  (\"TEQUILA SONG\" BY THE CHAMPS PLAYING)    Vodka!   Okay, kids. I know how you always wanted kittens,  so guess what I brought home?  This very pregnant, about-to-burst,  distended-nipples street cat.  (LABORED MEOW)  Peter, you can't bring home a feral cat.  She doesn't want to be around people right now.  She needs a quiet space to have her kittens.  Yeah, so everyone gather 'round close.  Her name is Sophie, and she's fully dilated.  - (YOWLING) - Chris!  She doesn't like that, but I understand the instinct.  Now, we all need to do our part to help with the birth.  - Meg, boil some water. - (CAT SCREECHING)  Brian, get some clean rags.  Chris, blankets.  - Stewie, Band-Aids for me. - (CAT GROWLING)  Isn't it nice that we're spending this time together  as a family?  Let's go spend it in the ER.  (INDISTINCT CHATTER)  Well, look at us. Out for a fun family dinner.  If anyone's watching, they'd say, \"Look at that family.\"  Look how happy they are.\"  Well, the kids do love Fuddruckers.  Yeah, getting to design any burger you want?  Your only limit is your imagination.  What kind you make there for yourself, Chris?  - Plain. - Plain?  What do you mean \"plain\"?  It's a plain burger. That's how I like them.  That's not a burger, that's just a meat sandwich.  At least Meg went wild and got a beige burger.  No, I got chicken.  What? Here? This is Fuddruckers.  What what part of Fuddruckers don't you understand?  All of it.  All right, let's start this again.  You're all gonna get up,  go back up to that toppings bar, and go nuts.  But it tastes good like this.  It's not supposed to taste good. It's supposed to look crazy.  What the hell are you doing?  I'm cutting it. It's easier to eat.  It's not supposed to be easy to eat.  Half of it is supposed to fall onto your plate  when you squeeze it, and the rest goes onto your shirt.  How's everything going over here?  Terrible! Go away!  See, look, now I have to be even more ridiculous  to make up for what you guys aren't doing.  Silverware? Put them on. Salt shaker? Whatever.  Ice from soda, get on that burger.  Peter, people are staring.  Yeah, they're saying, \"Look at the creative guy.  \"Look at King Fuddrucker over there.  \"Usually you put a burger on a tray.  This guy's putting a tray on a (BLEEP) burger!\"  Are you through, Peter?  Not yet, I'm not. Give me the car keys.  - Peter - Give me the car keys.  That's Fuddruckers.  (CAR ALARM CHIRPS)  Peter, you've opened the trunk.  People are pulling things out of our car.  Good. That's also Fuddruckers Get used to it.  And prepare to fish my teeth out of my stool.  - Peter, enough. - You guys clearly don't get it.  I'm sure when you explain what we're supposed to get,  we'll get it.  (BOTH SIGH)  Those poor kids. Those poor babies.  Hey, Chris, what do you got there?  A plain burger.  Looks good.  PETER: You can do this, Peter.  You love your family.  You can do this, Peter, you love your family.  You can do this, Peter. You love your family.  Dad, can you crack your window a little bit?  I hate you all so much!  - (THUNDER RUMBLES) - Uh-oh.  (OMINOUS MUSIC PLAYING)    (BRAKES SQUEAK)  Ah!  (TIRES SCREECHING)  (THUNDER CRASHES)  (SCREAMS)  Did you guys see that?  The bunny rabbit family you just ran over?  Yeah. We all saw that, Peter.  Come on, kids. Let's go inside.  Before you go, there's something I want to say.  If anything were to happen to me, Lois,  I'll miss you more than life  the cereal, but not the board game, which I quite enjoy.  - Okay. - And Meg,  I'm sorry I'll never get a chance  to walk you down the aisle at Costco,  to furnish your sad, single-lady apartment.  - Thanks, Dad. - And Stewie,  it kills me that I'll never see you become a man loving twink.  Is anyone gonna stop him?  And, Chris, whenever you're feeling defeated,  I want you to remember to always reach for the Stars  Sky and Hutch DVD that fell behind the entertainment center.  Sorry, you were the last one.  - What about me? - You're a dog.  Peter, what's going on? Why are you saying these things?  Sorry. W-Why don't you guys go inside?  I'm gonna stay out here and listen to Nina Blackwood  slowly die of throat cancer on the radio.  WOMAN (SCRATCHY VOICE): Our next artist first climbed the charts  with \"Dancing With Myself.\"  (WHEEZES) Of course, that artist is Billy Idol.  -(RADIO SWITCHES OFF) - I'm supposed to get her  a week from Thursday, but I may be moving that up.  I suppose you know why I'm here.  Yeah. I guess so.  It's weird. For the first seven days,  all I did was create things, but since then,  it's just killing, killing, killing.  Well, go ahead and do it.  My family would be better off without me.  I'm a terrible husband and a terrible father.  I should never have questioned you.  You were right about everything.  Say that again.  You were right about everything.  That's all I needed to hear.  That's what religion is.  It's not about being good or bad.  It's just blind subservience to an imaginary being.  So, I'm not gonna die?  Nope, not for another four years.  Thank you, God!  Bless you, my child pornography fan.  (LAUGHS) You did it to me.  - Can I use that one on my son? - Sure.  PETER: Hey, Chris, you like pictures of naked children  because you're gross and weird.  Ah, he screwed it up.  And I'm sorry about Fuddruckers.  It won't happen again.  Because nothing means more to me than my family.  Oh, Peter. That's wonderful. What helped you come around?  Well, Lois, let's just say the big man upstairs  put in a hard day's work today.  Well, looks like quitting time.  Good night, Kirk Cameron.  See you tomorrow, Gene Rayburn.  See you when the sun rises, James Bro Mamma mia!         Hey, you guys ever check Zillow?  Joe, why don't you shut the  Tell me more about this silly word.  It's this website, Zillow.com.  You plug in your address, and it gives you an estimate  of what your house is worth.  But they call it a Zestimate,  because of the \"Z\" in \"Zillow.\"  (LAUGHS)  How do they  I just don't have that creative bone.  Wow, my house is way up from when I bought it.  - Mine's up, too. - What the hell?  Mine's way below what you guys's are worth.  Wait, this-this can't be right.  It says it says my house is a murder house.  What, like-like someone was killed there?  Yeah, it says it says, in the '60s,  some woman named Doris Billingsly died in my house.  Probably some naggy bitch, right?  - Joseph! - You know, they say  when someone dies violently like that,  - their spirit can linger. - What do you mean?  Ea I'm saying you might have a g-g-g-g-g  disembodied spirit in your house!  Wow, this is so cool.  Have you ever witnessed anything strange there?  Actually, now that you mention it  Good news! The biopsy was negative.  Did you hear something?    Hi, Chris.  Oh, hey, Kristen. What's up?  Not much. I wanted to know  if you're gonna go to the dance on Friday.  Nah, probably not.  Oh, that's too bad.  I was thinking maybe you and I could go together.  Oh, that's sweet, but, like I said,  I-I don't think I'm gonna go.  Well, if you change your mind  I said no!  Okay. Geez.  Bye, Chris.  Uh, Chris, that very attractive girl  just asked you out, and you said no.  Well, sorry, Brian, she just doesn't do it for me.  I'm hungry.  I might grab a bite to eat.  We all just ate, right?  What's wrong with that kid?  Why wouldn't he go out with that girl?  Who knows? Maybe he's gay.  What? No.  Well, you never know. I say we find out.  You think he could be?  Hey, I've been right about these things before.  Remember what I said in 2009?  - Bruce Jenner is a man. - No, Brian.  That's what the press would have you believe, but he's not.  Bruce Jenner is a woman.  An elegant, beautiful Dutch woman.  (THUNDER CRASHING)  Okay, guys, now, the murder took place down here in the basement,  so it's probably our best shot at finding something.  I do feel a presence in the air.  CLEVELAND: Only Lucifer would reveal himself to you, adulterer.  Well, now, I have to warn you fellas  The only spirits I'm used to chasing are whiskey and tequila.  (LAUGHING)  That's so Joe!  (BOWLING PINS CLACKING)  Wow, what's going on down here?  Trying something new for Joe.  And we're looking for ghosts.  We're like the male version of the female Ghostbusters.  Peter, there's no such thing as ghosts.  I don't know why you guys listen to a word he says.  (CHUCKLES): That's so Lois.  (CASH REGISTER DINGS)  All right, we ready?  QUAGMIRE: Wow, it is creepy.  So, what do we do?  PETER: Just follow my lead.  Are there any spirits present  that would like to communicate with us?  (THUNDER RUMBLES)  - (PETER SCREAMS) - (THUMPING)  QUAGMIRE: What the hell was that?  I got scared and tried to run through the wall,  leaving a hole shaped like me.  Yeah, can't do that in a basement, bud.  All right, fellas, I just finished up an EVP session.  Let's see if we picked anything up.  What's EVP?  Electronic voice phenomenon.  Oftentimes, the human ear can't pick up paranormal sounds,  but electronic recording devices can.  Mm. That right?  (PETER ON RECORDING)  (PASSES GAS)  (GASPS)  (PASSING GAS)  Is this whole thing just you beefing into the microphone?  Yeah.  Dad, they did this bit in the lady Ghostbusters.  Did you hear something?  Stewie, I'm telling you, there's no way Chris is gay.  Oh, why, because he never hit on you?  God, the ego.  Hey, Chris. What's up?  Just relaxing, listening to some of Charles Manson's music.  What's up with you guys?  Actually, Brian and I are taking a survey,  and we wanted to see if you had a few minutes.  - Sure. Go ahead. - Okay, question one.  What night are the Tony Awards?  Tony Danza has awards?  Name an appropriate price to pay for jeans.  Um, five dollars?  What year did Bette Midler release  \"You've Got to Have Friends\"?  Oh, 1972.  And it was fabulous!  Chris, are you gay?  What? No, I'm not gay.  Well, then why didn't you go out with that girl?  (CHUCKLES) Why would I?  I have everything I need in that department on my computer.  You have 28 windows of porn playing simultaneously?  Sometimes I pretend I'm at the security desk at the mall  and everyone at the mall is banging each other.  Chris, don't you see?  You're so desensitized by all this porn,  you're-you're not even interested in actual girls.  Wh-What are you doing?  I'm taking this, and we are gonna help you start thinking  about sex like a normal teenager.  A-All right, I'll give it a shot.  But it's not gonna be easy.  I had a hell of a time getting off sugar.  Chris, can you pass the syrup?  Oh, you want the syrup, old man?!  (GRUNTING)  (SHOUTS)  Yeah!  (CACKLING)  (LAUGHS)  Yeah, nice attached head, Meg.  Body, throw potatoes.  (GRUNTS)  Winner declared!  Okay, guys, now, I thought we could try to find the ghost  by doing the movie Flatliners.  - I've never seen it. - Me, neither.  Oh, my God. All right, we are stopping everything right now  and watching Flatliners.  KENNY LOGGINS:  I'm all right   I'm glad we switched to Caddyshack.  You know what, Peter, I think I've had enough ghost hunting.  - I'm done, too. - Yeah, I'm out.  Wait, why you leaving?  Because all you do is screw around.  We've been down here for hours, and we haven't found a thing.  Well, maybe that's because you guys don't know the first thing  about catching ghosts.  You know what, Lois was right.  We should just never listen to you.  Come on, guys.  I think you're all just scared.  Oh, yeah? Let's see who's scared.  What are you doing? Turn that light back on.  QUAGMIRE: Have a good night, Peter.  - (POUNDING) - PETER: Quagmire. Help!  Someone help me!  Hey! Open this door!  Don't leave me alone with the ghost!  (PETER WHIMPERS IN DISTANCE)  Help! Help!  Help!  Help! Help!  - Help! Help! - (HEAVY METAL MUSIC PLAYING)  (PETER WHIMPERS)  What the hell?  (PETER WHIMPERS)  - (GASPS) - (WHIMPERS)  Peter, are you okay?  I was down here all night.  So dark.  Oh, my God. Peter, your hair.  It turned white.  What?    (GASPS)  Well, I'm a fat dad with white hair now.  Time to become an issue at Hooters after 9:00 p.m.  Hey, Ashley. Ashley.  Ashley.  I know I know what car is your car.  So, how'd you get white hair again?  He was scared of a ghost.  Yes, I remember hearing about this in med school.  Or was it a Scooby-Doo?  You think it's gonna stay, Dr. Hartman?  No, it's gonna be \"Dr. Ramirez\" now.  I'm taking my husband's name.  I'm talking about Peter's hair.  Oh, I'm sorry. (CHUCKLES) Wedding on the brain.  But, uh, as for the white hair, I'm afraid it's permanent.  (PHONE RINGS)  Hi, sweetie.  We've discussed this.  No to the mole.  Chocolate is for cake, not chicken.  Oh, come on.  He's crying.  What do I do now? I mean, should I dye it back?  (CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY)  I don't know why you'd ask me that.  I mean, I-I don't know anything about that.  How does one even go about dyeing one's hair?  I've never heard of anything so crazy.  Let me get that for you, Doctor.  What? Oh, no, I'm-I'm not a  Morning, Doctor.  Wow, Peter, they all think you're a doctor  because of your white hair.  I have to say, it does make you look more distinguished.  Really? Huh.  Well, maybe this will be a good thing after all.  Like a garbageman with no nose.  Well, this is the best job in the world!  Rotting meat?  What does that smell like?  Oh, look, receipts.  I'll steal this person's identity.  From now on, I'm Robert Dibadeaux.  So long, stinkies!  Not that I would know.  All right, Chris, it's gonna take a few steps  to get you off hard-core porn.  Now, the first step is soft-core porn,  where nothing really happens.  (TV CLICKS ON)  Oh, wow, she is just riding that guy's belly button.  Yep, that's all we had.  And you could watch this at any time?  No, just Friday at 11:45 p.m.  And it was free?  No, $45 a month.  Well, what was playing the other 200 hours per week?  Uh, mostly D.A.R.Y.L. The movie D.A.R.Y.L.  Was it any good?  It was okay.  Grandpa, what are you doing here?  Using the bathroom. Where do you keep the nets  that you put on the bottom of guys' balls  to stop 'em from dunking in the water?  - What? - What do you mean, \"What?\"  (RHYTHMICALLY): Where do you keep the nets  that you put on the bottom of guys' balls  to stop them from dunking in the water?  Oh, there's my silver fox.  What are you doing out here?  Well, now that I've got white hair,  I fix my car in slow motion  in an ad for a supplemental blood thinner.  - (SOFT PIANO MUSIC PLAYING) - I took Zanbrex  for over 15 years,  till I learned the benefits of once-daily Sanguelto,  a latest-generation blood thinner.  When I'm at a multiracial picnic for some reason,  the last thing I want to do is have a stroke.  And thanks to once-daily Sanguelto,  I can eat potato salad with chuckling strangers  with the confidence of someone who knows  he's 12% less likely to suffer a stroke recurrence.  Thanks to Sanguelto, I can snuggle  with my age-appropriate wife on a blanket  underneath non-holiday-related fireworks.  I left her for six weeks back in 2009,  only to realize I was already too old  to bed the type of women  that would make such a separation worth it.  So, here we are, grinding it out  till onef us has that second stroke  that you don't come back from.  Thank you, Sanguelto.  What's all this?  Well, a lot of kids' first foray into sex  is looking at someone else's porn stash.  So, here's a stack of water-stained Playboys  that I found in a locker at the town pool bathroom.  Okay, now we're talking.  (WHOOSHING)  Wait. I'm clicking on this thumbnail,  but the video isn't opening.  No, that's a still image.  See, you look at them,  and then your brain sort of creates a scene for you.  I don't know. I think maybe we should try something else.  I think you should give it a shot.  I think we should all go investigate  the still-unsolved murder of Doris Billingsly,  who never did anything but overcook one dinner  in March of 1962.  All right, I got next round.  - Hey, Tom, you okay? - She left me.  Another sign from the universe that I'll never find love.  Hey, come on, pal. There's plenty of fish in the sea.  Wow.  You're right. There are.  Say, you've got a way about you,  a certain trustworthy quality.  You know, we've got an opening  at the station for a senior analyst.  I think your white hair would be perfect for it.  Wow. Really? What do I do?  You just act like everyone else is an idiot and shout over them.  - That way, you can - Shut up! I get it!  Terrific. Hey, why don't you come down  to the station tomorrow and?  - I know where you work! - Again, terrific.  Wow, this is awesome.  I haven't been on TV since I had IBS on The Bachelorette.  Derek, I had such a magical weekend.  You are truly one of a kind.  (LOUD STOMACH GRUMBLING)  And that's why I've decided to  Excuse me. Uh, do-do you know if I'm gonna get a rose?  We're getting to that, Peter.  Derek, that's why I've decided to give you this rose.  (STOMACH GRUMBLING AND SQUEALING)  Evan, getting to see your softer side was truly  - (STOMACH GROWLING) - Excuse me.  I hate to be a bother, but do you  do you know if I'll be receiving a rose?  Because if there's, uh, further delay,  I believe something's gonna happen  that will put me out of contention for a rose.  (STOMACH GURGLES LOUDLY)  And that thing just happened.  Farewell, and thank you  for feeding me champagne and shrimp all day.  Reporting live from Quahog Prison,  I'm Joe Horrigan, Channel Five News.  Thanks, Joe. Great reporting, terrible eyes.  Switching gears now, I'd like to talk  about the crime situation here in Quahog.  Joining me now is white-haired contributor Peter Griffin.  Peter, what are you hearing about crime in Quahog?  Uh you know, not much.  Not much? Excuse us for one moment.  - What are you doing?! - What?  I don't know anything about crime.  So? People want to know that bad stuff's going on out there.  That's why they watch the news.  - You want me to make stuff up? - I don't know.  I thought you had white hair.  - You're right, I do. - Of course you do.  (GASPS, GIGGLES)  Now, you were talking about crime?  Crime is way up, and you know why?  'Cause of immigrants.  I say, as Americans,  we should all take a pledge to kick 'em out.  Only pledge I stand for is Lemon Pledge.  (SQUEAKING)  Peter Griffin, white hair, very credible, thank you so much.  Coming up, lost dog comes home  one piece at a time.  (NEWS THEME MUSIC PLAYS)  Peter, that was amazing.  I'm the news director here at Channel Five.  How would you like to do what you just did every night?  Wipe a bloody booger under the desk?  No, I'm asking you to join us full-time  to be our permanent senior analyst.  Would you excuse me while I step into another room  and celebrate like a girl in a Rom-com who just got good news?  Aah! The Sanguelto!  My blood's thinner than water!  - (SOFT PIANO MUSIC PLAYING) - If taking Sanguelto,  please refrain from dancing like in a Rom-com,  as nosebleeds may be permanent.  And remember, most drugs are prescribed to you  because a hot girl with a rolling suitcase  gave your doctor a free pen.  Peter, what the hell do you think you're doing?  Who says you can just make things up and call them facts?  Tom Tucker did. He kissed me.  You have a responsibility as a member of the press  to report the news accurately.  You can't just say crazy things that aren't in any way true.  JOE (LAUGHING): Yeah, leave that to the yahoos in D.C.  - Did that get a \"That's So Joe\"? - No!  Okay, well, what are the rules on that?  We're still working that out.  Well, let me know when you decide on the rules.  I'm really excited about working on this.  With you guys.  Chris, welcome to the lingerie department.  What are we doing here?  When I was young, seeing these half-naked mannequins  was all I needed to get me going.  What's the endgame here  Him walking around Macy's with a chub?  No, we've got to reset his arousal meter.  He needs to be able to use his imagination again.  Any of these mannequins doing anything for you, Chris?  Uh, I don't know.  I guess the one without a head is pretty cool.  All right, that's that's something.  And that bin of chopped-up ones over there that could be okay.  'Specially the one that looks kind of afraid.  There you go. Look at you.  Sounds like someone is ready for that date.  Do you gentlemen need any help?  No, thank you, dear.  We're just trying to get my brother to full mast.  We want to welcome back our new permanent senior analyst,  Peter Griffin and his white hair.  What's the latest on crime in Quahog?  - Tom, crime is up. - Wow. How high?  - All the way to the top. - Whoa. The top.  Has it ever been all the way to the top before, Peter?  Never. In fact, we had to raise the top.  So, the new top is even higher than the old top?  Yes, the old top is now the middle.  And The Middle is a show  that was inexplicably on ABC for a very long time.  How many seasons?  It might be, like, 11. I'm not even kidding.  Peter Griffin, white hair, very credible, thank you so much.  Coming up, we'll tell you where to look  when a person has a birthmark on their face.  So, Chris, have you weaned yourself off of Internet porn?  Wait. I thought the whole point was to not wean myself off.  No, Chris, I mean, have you stopped? Never mind.  - You ready for your date? - You bet I am!  (KNOCKING)  Hi, Chris.  (LAUGHING)  Hi, Kristen.  Ready to see a Marvel movie, 'cause I chose?  Sure. And for sure this is a real date,  and me and the popular kids  aren't gonna thrill-kill you tonight.  I think Chris is gonna be just fine.  (HIGH-PITCHED BEEPING)  Which is more than I can say for our pizza.  (BOTH LAUGHING)  Oh, man.  Well, I hope you're happy.  You're telling lies on the news just to boost your own ego.  It's pronounced \"Eggo,\" Lois,  and I will thank you to leggo of mine.  Peter, fake news is a real problem  in this country right now,  and I really don't want my husband contributing to it.  Maybe you're right.  It doesn't feel good lying all the time.  I guess I just like all the attention  that came along with having white hair.  Well, I don't think that's the kind of attention you want.  And it's certainly not the kind of attention  I want for our family.  You know what? If it means that much to you,  I'll tell Tom that I won't do it anymore.  - Really? - Really.  Oh, Peter, that makes me so happy.  (PHONE RINGING)  Hello? Donald Trump?!  You saw me on the news?  You want me to be your press secretary in the next episode?  Why, sure, I'd love to!  We'll get started drawing it right away.  Lois, pack your bags.  We're joining the Trump Administration.  (GRUNTING)  Just what Washington needs, huh?  Another talking head.  (PETER GIGGLES)  - (BOTH LAUGH) - Oh, man.  Next week on Family Guy  Hey, Dad, I want you to meet my new friend, Meg.  Pleased to meet you, Meg. You have a beautiful rack.  Oh, thanks.  I was talking to my daughter.  And now, please welcome Mr. Bruce Jenner.  - (APPLAUSE AND CHEERING) - (BURLESQUE MUSIC PLAYS)  (CHEERING AND WHISTLING)  (WHOOPING)  Just wanted to remind you fellas what you're all fighting for.  NARRATOR: Previously on Family Guy  STEWIE: Dad's working for the Trump White House?  Huh hey, Stewie, can we do that again?  Maybe a little more energy?  (SIGHS)  Uh, no?  ENGINEER: I-I think we can use it.  Oh, yay, that's awesome.    Wow, the White House is great.  There's no wonder you spend two days a week here.  I'm sorry, can you hang on a sec?  Got to close this window.  Melania's out there blowing bubbles for Eric.  (GIGGLING)  Dad, I got one in my mouth.  It tastes like soap!  Tremendous. Amazing.  Okay, Peter, your main job here is to go in rooms before me  to make sure there's no static electricity.  Don't go in there. It's not safe.  Well done, Peter.  (ZAPPING)  Everyone, welcome to our new place.  I think we're gonna enjoy the Beltway lifestyle.  Washington, D.C. is a wonderful city to call home.  And will we be putting our kids in the local public schools?  No, I would not recommend it.  Dibs on the bedroom in which an intern got murdered.  Aw, I want the intern murder bedroom!  There's no need to fight, kids.  An intern has been murdered in each of the bedrooms.  (CHRIS AND STEWIE GASP)  Well, I think this sucks.  I want to go back to Quahog.  But we just got here, sweetie.  Tomorrow, at James Woods High,  it's Scoliosis Spine Check Day.  It's the one day a year I get touched!  Meg, your father got this great new opportunity,  and we need to support him.  Let's give D.C. a chance, huh?  Yeah, Meg, trust me  Before long, we'll fit right in here,  like a cowboy in a Chinese Starbucks.  (JANING)  This is the most strangest place ever.  Yee! Ha!  Oh, this ain't so different.  (CLASSICAL MUSIC PLAYING)  (INDISTINCT CHATTER)  Oh, this is so exciting!  I've never been to a fancy White House party before.  We're happy you're here, Mrs. Griffin, Mr. Griffin.  And we're glad you brought your two children  and former Governor Chris Christie.  That's, like, the fourth person who's called Meg Chris Christie.  (SIGHS)  Aw, sweetie, I'm sorry everyone thinks  you're a historically unpopular fatso from New Jersey.  Whatever. I just want to go home.  Oh, you can't go home yet!  We haven't even served dinner.  And I hope you saved your appetite,  because, later, we're all wiping our ass  with the Constitution.  Hi, Brian Griffin.  They let me write some of the liberal jokes.  How you liking 'em?  Good, there's more coming.  Folks, to drink this evening, we've got red wine,  white wine, and a fifth of bourbon.  What'll you have, disgraced political oddity Roger Stone?  I'll take the fifth.  (CHUCKLES) That works on two levels.  Layered.  Man, the Trump White House is so awesome.  And for sure it's not crawling with Russians.  (RUSSIAN ACCENT): That's for actual,  other American at this party.  So, what kinds of things  do you hearing from our Mr. USA President?  I don't know, fellow American,  but here's my Gmail log-in and password,  'cause I know I can trust you with it.  Wonderful.  Now, to please excuse,  I have very aching gut from eating so much apple cake.  Ha! Doesn't get more American than that.  (PHONE CHIMES)  (SIGHS)  - (INDISTINCT CHATTER) - (SIZZLING)  Sorry! I'm just looking for the exit.  I didn't mean to  Holy girl boner.  Ivanka Trump   Has a gentle breeze indoors.   Tell those kids, if they ever want to see their parents again,  they'll make the shoes!  Do you know who you're dealing with?  My husband is the son of a felon  who went to prison for blackmailing his brother-in-law  by entrapping him with a prostitute  and then mailing a copy of the tape to his own sister!  All that stuff   Happened for real.   Is everything okay?  Huh? Oh. Yeah.  Sorry to be out of sorts. I just  Sometimes I wish I could meet someone else  whose dad is a fat idiot who once had a hit television show  and who, over time, has worn out his welcome.  - You know, Meg's dad is als - Shut up, Tiffany.  Yeah. Shut up, Tiffany.  Meg, I think you'd look amazing  in my brand of lifestyle products  that are designed to represent a poor person's idea  of what a rich person would wear.  - You think so? - Trust me.  When I'm done with you, you'll be pretty enough to marry  an Orthodox Jewish son of a felon  who's too stupid to get into Harvard the normal way.  And whose voice is way higher than you thought it would be?  (HIGH-PITCHE): Hi, honey. Ready for dinner?  (INDISTINCT CHATTER)  Stewie, where have you been?  (RUSSIAN ACCENT): Ugh, many American baby things am I doing.  So, what is your favorite ballistic missile launch codes?  Whoa, is that Meg?    That girl is pretty.  So pretty by D.C. standards.  With Geico, you can save up to 15% on car insurance.  Wow! Two-thirds of the people here are talking about me.  Because you're beautiful, Meg.  Thanks to you.  Come on, let me introduce you to the president.  He's kind of like my boyfriend.  Hang on. He's still getting ready.  (WHIRRING)  Hey, Dad, I want you to meet my new friend, Meg.  - Pleased to meet you. - I've got to run, Dad.  Thanks again for getting me plastic surgery in my teens.  Um, yeah, anyway,  it's an honor to meet you, Mr. President.  This is amazing.  Yesterday, I was at Quahog Pond,  pulling out carps just to watch them suffocate.  And now look at me,  with the winner of the 46th-largest  electoral college victory of all time.  And, I got to say, I'm a huge fan  of your board game and your beef products  and your fraudulent university and  (DOORBELL RING)  - Oh, my God! - Oh, please.  Every president since Washington has done this.  GEORGE WASHINGTON: Dearest Martha,  I cannot wait to once again place my hand  onto your Gates of Venus.  HARRY TRUMAN: My darling Bess,  tonight, I'm going to drop the Big One  onto your Pacific theater.  GEORGE H.W. BUSH: Hey, Barbara Bush, working late.  Sleeping in office.  Crazy headache.  You look like my mom.  Good afternoon, I'm Tim Tucker,  not my twin brother, Tom.  Our top story: mentally challenged boys' T-shirts.  Are they getting even longer?  Um, guys, I got to tell you something.  Last night, at the White House,  President Trump touched me inappropriately.  - What?! - Meg, that's my boss, all right?  This is my career you're talking about.  I spent a whole day working on this.  You want me to just throw away in one day  what I've spent a whole day trying to build?  A whole day's worth of work, poof, gone in a day!  Meg, you expect us to believe  that the president of the United States  would grab a woman by her (BLEEP)?  That's ridiculous!  How could you not believe me?  Oh, hang on. CNN's on,  where I'm the loudest guy on an overcrowded panel.  This country needs stronger border security.  Our border security is the strongest in the world.  What we need is to take care of our children.  I can't get an erection!  You think giving them amnesty  is fair to the people who are already here?  They're contributing to the economy.  I've tried all the herbs!  Amnesty is never the answer.  It's not amnesty.  It's recognizing their contributions to our country.  They said to meditate, but I keep fallin' asleep!  We need stronger vetting.  And to enforce the laws already on the books.  I'm terrified of being alone with my wife!  It's too much pressure!  Well, nothing's ever gonna change  if Congress isn't willing to compromise.  - Exactly my point. - A wall would solve this.  I wake up with an erection,  but never when she's in the bed with me!  A wall would solve nothing.  These children have rights.  I spent three grand on a Sandals vacation,  thinking that might do it!  Know what it was?  Me being limp on a lazy river!  Well, that's all the time we have.  - Thank you to Peter Griffin - No!  Don't send me home to my wife!  Democrats.  That's why we went to Sandals?  Dad, did you hear what I said?  Sorry, Meg, I got to go to work.  What? You're still gonna work for that man  - after he assaulted me? - (DOOR CLOSES)  Meg, you got to stop with these stories.  People hate a liar.  Just like closed captioning stenographers hated  the Sleepy Hollow guy for some reason.  Did he carry a broadax?  The mark on his hand  Was it a bow?  Oh, no. No, no, no, it can't be.  When I cut off his head.  Okay, I'll take your questions.  Me With A Fake Mustache.  America wants to know what you're packin' up there.  I've heard 11 inches. True?  All right, that's enough from you.  Me With A Funny Hat.  I also have heard 11 inches.  Okay, any non-11-inch questions?  Me With An Old-Timey Wig.  I've heard four handbreadths.  Mr. President, the press briefing went very well.  Many people are saying  it was the best press briefing in all of history.  Mr. Griffin, you're not speaking to President Trump.  That's a butternut squash.  Oh. Well, if this lumpy orange garbage vegetable is here,  then where's President Donald Trump?  Mr. President, please,  I'm not interested.  You'll regret this.  (SPEAKS HUTTESE)  (CACKLING)  Oh, my God.  Bob's Burgers is on!  This show speaks to us young people, apparently.  That show and-and I mean no disrespect when I say this  But that show looks like it was animated in a moving car.  And again, no disrespect, wonderful people over there.  But oh, my God, President Trump is assaulting Meg,  I can't believe what I just saw, Mr. President!  What would your third wife,  the soft-core girl-on-girl porn lady, think about this?  Or the actual porn star your lawyer paid hush money to?  I'm so sorry we didn't believe you earlier, sweetie.  Yeah, where do you get off behaving like this?  - Why shouldn't I? You do. - What?  When you walked through that door, you insulted Bob's Burgers  and the hundreds of people who work there.  Well, I was just kidding around.  No, you weren't. You're just jealous  'cause it wins all the Emmys and the kids love it.  You seem to know a lot about Bob's Burgers.  Of course I do.  Bob's Burgers is my favorite animated show.  Wow. There's your headline, Emmy voters.  Vote your conscience.  Anyway, my point is,  if Peter Griffin gets to be a jerk all the time,  then why can't Donald Trump?  Huh.  That is not the dumbest thing you've ever said.  So are we square?  No.  No, President Trump, we are not!  I quit!  - What? - That's right.  And you know what else? My days of being mean  and insulting are over!  From here on out,  I'm gonna be the nice, kind Peter Griffin.  You can't walk out on me.  I'm the president.  Well, you're not a very good one.  Like that guy.  Or-or that one.  Or that one.  Hey, which one is that, anyway?  I'm Grover Cleveland,  the only president to be married in the White House.  Oh, what a nice story.  It's a great story. I married a girl  who I'd raised since the time she was 11 years old.  Oh.  Well, that guy's not getting a musical.  We now return to Pirates of the Caribbean,  where the sound guy put the microphone too close  to Johnny Depp's jangling bracelets.  - (BRACELETS JANGLING) - Hold it right there, Sparrow.  This is the day you will always remember  as the day you almost caught Captain Jack Sparrow.  - What?! - I said  - (JANGLING CONTINUES) - I've spent $65 million  on vacation homes and daytime wine.  (JANGLING)  All right, turn off that cheap celebrity slam.  The Griffins are gonna be better than that now.  - What? - You heard me.  We are done being mean and insulting,  like Donald Trump is. From now on,  this family's gonna be nice and supportive.  Oh. So if we're being nice now,  maybe you have nice things to say to me, Dad.  Uh of course I do.  Your hair is, um  very hat.  You're a hat owner.  You're also hatted.  Why does he keep coming back to the hat?  Peter, stop. Your nipples are bleeding.  All right, fine, I'm not a nice person.  I'm sick of complimenting your hat!  I knew that fat man couldn't keep this up.  He always buckles under pressure.  Yeah, you're right. Like at that Billy Joel concert.  (PLAYING \"PRESSURE\")  Da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da   Da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da   Da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da   Da, da, da, da, da, da, da, da   Uptown girl!     PETER: Trump!  Who are you? I have dementia.  Peter Griffin.  Look, you were right.  I can be insulting sometimes, I admit it.  But so what? I'm just a guy from Rhode Island.  You' the President of the United States!  You're not just a guy from Rhode Island.  You're Peter Griffin from Family Guy.  Many children have learned their favorite Jewish, black  and gay jokes by watching your show over the years.  In fairness, we've been trying to phase out the gay stuff.  But you know what? We're a cartoon.  You can turn us off. You're the president.  We can't turn you off.  And you're on, like, all the time!  Yes, tremendous ratings.  Our Leslie Nielsen ratings are the highest in history.  Surely you can't be serious.  I am serious. And don't call me Leslie.  Argh You really do find a way to screw everything up.  If I screwed up so bad, how come I'm a billionaire?  Billionaire? Please.  You're worth $700 mil on the high side.  And most of that is borrowed or tied up and underwater.  That's why you ain't releasin' your taxes, Trump.  You're cash poor!  Say that again.  I dare you.  You  are cash  poor.    (GRUNTING)  (YELLING)  (GRUNTS)  Peter! Catch!  Kill him in front of me, and I sex you.  Yah!  (GRUNTING)  (PETER AND TRUMP GRUNTING)  Yah!  (PANTING)  (YELLING)  (PETER PANTING)  Aah!  (YELLS)  Yah!    (BUZZING)  (REPEATED BUZZING)  MALE REPORTER: Sarah, any update?  I haven't had the chance to ask the president  if he is fighting with Peter Griffin.  Oh!  (PEOPLE SCREAMING)  (GRUNTING)  - Yah! - Yah!  - (ZAPPING) - (SCREAMING)  (GASPING)  (YELLING)  (CHEERING)  I wrote that one.  Why are we so damn divided, America?    (GRUNTING)  (OVER HEADPHONES): making Neil Armstrong  the first man to walk on the Moon.  Who knows, maybe someone listening to this  might be the first chicken to walk on the Moon.    (PEOPLE GASP)  I got a sillier plane.    (YELLING)  (YELPING, GRUNTING)  (BOTH YELL)  (GRUNTING)  (PEOPLE SCREAMING)  Peter!  Grab my hand!  (GRUNTING)  I can't! It's too little!  (METALLIC CREAKING)  (GRUNTS)  (SCREAMING)  (LOUD DEFLATING)  Wha? Who who put this here?  MAN (CHUCKLES): I did. Sure hope that's okay.  (\"O CANADA\" PLAYING)\"  (GASPS) Justin Trudeau?  The hunky prime minister of Canada?  He's not that hunky.  Very weak borders.  I was just kayakin' past,  and it looked like you guys could use some help.  - Everything okay? - No, yeah, we're good.  He touched my daughter, but I punched him,  like, a hundred times, so we're fine now.  I punched you, like, a million times.  I punched you infinity times.  I punched you infinity plus one times.  - Damn it! - Right on!  Well, then, I'll just go do some awesome Canada stuff.  Hey, call me if you ever need help movin'.  (GEESE HONKING)  Trudeau, away!  That guy's the best.  You know who's really the best?  Putin. Putin's the best.  Yes, he is. Putin is the best.  Ha! I write this part.  Am I not to be a stinker?  Bye-bye, American situation comedy with drawings.  I'm glad we're back in Quahog.  And just in time to see my appearance on Jeopardy!  - Peter? - What is  it like to have an erection?  I'm sorry, we were looking for \"the electromagnetic spectrum.\"  Betty, still your board.  I was not included in the final round.  I'll tell you one thing, I'm not gonna miss Washington, D.C.  Well, we had a lot of fun this week and changed zero minds.  If you want to learn more about our president,  consult the steele dossier,  which is all about getting peed on.  He also, with whole heart and full throat,  endorsed a pedophile for the United States Senate.  That didn't fit into tonight's narrative,  but should not be forgotten.  And I am a proud hat owner.  Shut up, Meg.  From our family to yours, we're very frightened.   TOM TUCKER [ON TV.]: Good afternoon, I'm Tom Tucker.  Coming up, we interview a man  who went a whole Hawaiian vacation  without giving a \"hang loose\" sign in a picture,  and also didn't do the \"lei\" joke.  You won't believe this incredible story.  Oh, wait, he's a Japanese man? Doesn't speak English.  So so he just didn't know.  Happy birthday, Brian.  We bought you a cake with the groceries,  so it got smashed with a jug of Tide in the car.  - Open your presents. - Yeah.  You got one from Rami Malek, star of Mr. Robot!  Wow, he gave me the dark circles around his eyes.  Aw, cool! Did he also include his dead-soul monotone?  No, I don't Oh, oh, wait, hang on.  [IN MALEK'S MONOTONE.]: I didn't see it at first  because it was under some tissue paper.  - Now open mine. - Minions 3?  Yeah. In this one, Gru has been replaced by Harvey Weinstein.  Oh, you like working for bad guys?  I'll show you a bad guy. Now you touch it.  You know what to touch.  [STAMMERING, CRYING.]: B-Banana.  Well, thanks, everyone.  What's wrong? You seem a little down.  Nothing, it's just that  I don't know, my-my birthday is just  it's kind of a reminder that I'm now one year closer to death,  with nothing to show for my time here.  Can I get a Minion cake for my next birthday?  - We'll see, Peter. - Like, a real one.  Like-like, not you makin' it.  Someday I'll be gone, and it'll be like I was never here at all.  Aw, he is depressed.  Sad little guy.  Let's not project people emotions onto animals.  I just want my story to live on, even after I'm gone.  You know, I always did want to write my autobiography.  Yeah, it's hard to work when you get distracted  - whenever someone says, \"What's that?\" - What's what?!  You know what? Maybe I can lend a hand, Brian.  I'll help you write your biography.  Really? You-you'd do that?  Yes. After all, I helped Cleveland with his wardrobe.  Hey, Cleveland, you know I love you,  but those jeans, they ain't for you.  I knew it. I think I just needed to hear it.  Thank you, Peter's baby.  - Uh-uh. - Copy that.  TV ANNOUNCER: We now return to Allison Janney in  Hello, Sexy.  [SUSTAINED SAXOPHONE NOTE.]:    [SAXOPHONIST GASPING FOR BREATH.]  [INHALES DEEPLY.]    PILOT: And, uh, to your left,  you'll see a joke about Allison Janney  being very, very tall.  Uh, she has an Oscar,  and we have a great deal of respect for her.  - You know, I had a terrific - Uhp.  - No, sorry. You go. - Okay.  I found a lump on my scrotum this morning.  You done? Yeah?  I had a terrific sandwich, uh, yesterday.  Boy, they are doing a lot with mayo these days.  I have no doctor.    [PHONE BUZZES.]  You know that UPS lady with the super-bruised legs?  Well, one time  [SNIFFING.]  What Uh, what's going on?  - Quagmire, are you okay? - [SNIFFING.]  Where's he going?  - Looks like Quagmire - I think he  [LAUGHS.]: Boy, you and me today, huh?  [SNIFFING.]  He's, like, hypnotized. Do we wake him?  That could be perilous.  [SNIFFING.]    [SCREAMING JOYFULLY.]  QUAGMIRE: I was happy to see that new massage parlor.  But deep down, I was disappointed that  we took a shot at Allison Janney,  just because she can dunk a basketball.  I mean, she has an Oscar,  and we have a great deal of respect for her.  All right, Brian, time to get to work on your biography.  Let's start with an interview.  Who would you say is your hero?  Well, I guess maybe Martin Luther King.  Okay, maybe someone you see every day.  Uh, well, I guess Peter is  No, no, no. Li-Like somebody younger.  Li-Like younger than you, even.  Like that Like that kind of hero.  Well, I guess Meg and Chris.  Let's take Meg and Chris as a given.  Anyone else you maybe look up to?  - I guess Lois - We did say younger, did we not?  Well, uh, I guess that leaves you.  Oh, boy, embarrassing. That backfired, didn't it?  So, I should put me, then?  Yes, fine.  Now, another important part of any book: the dedication.  It's not uncommon for an author to dedicate his book  to his hero, who you have listed as  [CHUCKLING.]: Oh, no, this is  Oh, this is embarrassing.    We already did this. I got some free time.          - Hey, guys, sorry I'm late. - It's about time.  Thanks to you, we got leap-frogged  by Seamus' foursome.  Ha. Golf club hands.  Hey, could one of you spot me the greens fees?  I blew all my money at the massage parlor.  Sheesh, you're sure spending a lot of money at that place.  How much you pay one of them masseuses?  Eh, 200 bucks.  200 bucks?! That's what I paid for Reading Railroad!  What kinda medical benefits do those masseuses get?  I think they see the Chinese vet down the street.  Well, that's all the information I need  to make a binding vocational choice.  Guys, I'm gonna become a professional massage therapist.  - What?! - Are you serious, Peter?  You bet. I could always use some extra cash.  Plus, I've handled bigger challenges before.  You know, I was once in the Blue Man Group.  [RHYTHMIC DRUMBEAT.]    [CHEERS AND APPLAUSE.]  Peter, what's wrong with your paint?  Remember when I asked for a five-minute break?  Hey, Stewie, which title do you like for the biography,  Barking Up the Right Tree Did you catch that?  Or, Are You There, Dog? It's Me, Brian?  Oh, about that, I was meaning to tell you,  your biography is finished.  Already? Wow. Print me up a copy!  Done, Brian. Look behind you.  Whoa, ass ahoy.  - Classic. - Stewie, this isn't a book.  Brian, it's 2019. We're living in a post-book,  Post Raisin Bran society.  So enjoy your new robot,  and enjoy a bowl of Post Raisin Bran.  Post Raisin Bran: like Kellogg's, but worse!  Stewie, what about my biography?  This robot is a living record of you and your history.  It knows you and your mannerisms,  and it will exist long after you're gone.  Brian, in every sense of the term,  Robot Brian is your biography.  This is how you'll be remembered, forever.  Whoa, ass ahoy.  He says that a lot.  He's also got an interchangeable memory bank,  an expandable encyclopedia database, and, as a bonus,  the new U2 album.  Oh. I don't want the new U2 album.  You don't get a choice.  So this is a robot version of me?  Not just a robot \"version,\" Brian, it's like another you,  uploaded with your genetic code, your cognitive patterns,  and your entire life story.  \"Oh, no, Stewie's time machine broke,  and now we are stuck in the history past.\"  Well, that is one of my catchphrases.  I don't talk that robotically, though.  That'll go away. He will evolve  as he gathers more and more data.  \"Fire hydrants, images.\" \"Fire hydrants, news.\"  \"Fire hydrants, near me.\"  - Now what's he doing? - Oh, he's also been uploaded  with your Internet search history.  \"Yahoo Answers: Is Anton Yelchin's jeep for sale?\"  Ooh, shame on you, Brian.  It's legitimate memorabilia!  \"Applebee's, Brittany, Quahog.\"  \"Brittany, Applebee's waitress, blonde.\"  \"Quahog, Applebee's, Brittany, who is.\"  \"Blonde waitress, Brittany, Quahog, Applebee's.\"  \"Brittany Babbit, home address.\"  Oh, good, you found it.  Peter? What are you doing here?  I work here now.  You what? Why would they hire you?  I don't know that they did. Nobody ever picks me, though.  Just Bruce. And his towel keeps falling off,  and he keeps saying, \"Oops.\"  I dunno, the towels here are very fally-offy.  Dammit. Good-bye, Peter.  - Where you goin'? - Home.  I can't come here anymore, you've made it weird.  You have one that looks like snowboarder Chloe Kim?  She turned 18, so I can say that out loud now.  Robot Brian, it's so great that you're here.  I need a partner for a project I've been working on.  But, sir, Dogbook was our idea.  It was stolen by Bark Zuckerbark.  And who are you again?  We're the Barklevoss twins. And scene.  So, what do you think?  I think it's great. I have no notes.  It's called The Barkial Network.  How come you didn't call it Barkbook?  [SNIDE CHUCKLE.] I thought you said you didn't have any notes.  I got you dropped from jury duty.  Oh, great. What line did you use?  \"I have read about this exact case \"  - That's good. - \" on hotsy-totsy Nazi dot com.\"  That's not good.  - Hey, can robots do cocaine? - What?  Nothing, I was just, you know.  Can they get cocaine?  Hello, The Girls Aren't the Girls in the Ad Massage.  Oh, yes, the girls are absolutely the girls in the ad.  Freeze! Police!  - What's going on? - You're all under arrest.  - Arrest? For what? - This place is a brothel.  - What does that mean? - Your coworkers are engaged  in the world's oldest profession.  Lead singer of The Pretenders?  No, Peter. All these women are prostitutes.  Cuff them, cop with a wife who's taller than him.  Uh, my name's Gary.  I'm sorry, I'm bad with names,  but I'm good at remembering gigantic wives.  So, what was Brittany Babbit like?  Oh, you know, at Applebee's, she's all like,  \"Hi, may I take your order?\" and at her bedroom window,  she's all like, \"Ah, get out of here.  How'd you find my apartment?\"  Tale of two Brittanys, huh?  Yeah, I mean, if you don't want me showing up at your house,  don't put a smiley face on my receipt.  Uh, Your Honor, the defense rests.  See, you get it.  Have you read my book yet?  I'm downloading it right now.  It's beautiful.  - Mm - Mm  Yeah, this is, this is fine.  This isn't, this isn't weird.  I'm a robot you. Mm.  ANNOUNCER: Post Raisin Bran.  Proud sponsor of whatever the hell's going on here.  - Good morning, Brian. - Hey.  So, anything unusual happen with Robot Brian last night?  Anything you'd like to share?  N-No. W-Why, why do you ask?  Well, as it happens, your robot has a rear panel sensor.  Every time it's triggered, I get a text, like a Google Alert.  [PHONE CHIMING.]  I This is ridiculous.  I don't even know what you're talking about.  Mm-hmm. You know he backs up his hard drive every night, right?  Though I guess you were also backing up  his hard drive last night, eh?  Wiping that history?  Ah, what else? What other computer terms  What, the oh, getting some RAM?  A few megabytes?  Logging in and logging out wow,  there's a lot of computer things that sound dirty.  Okay, I admit it. I'm not made of stone.  I fell for me.  I know it seems strange, but I'm gonna give it a chance.  And don't worry, we're not gonna be one of those cutesy couples.  - Morning, RB. - \"RB?\"  Yeah, it stands for \"Real Brian\".  Morning, RB. \"Robot Brian.\"  Well, much like every other \"RBs,\"  you are making me sick.  Hey, did you get the license plate of that handsome guy  who ran me over last night?  Ha, ha, clever.  So is there anything we need to talk about?  I don't know. Is there anything we need to talk about?  - I guess not. - Well, I guess not, too.  - Thanks, RB. - Back at you, RB.  We just click together.  Like all the pieces in Chris's first model set.  Okay, lay out the pieces, find the cockpit,  open the glue, take a sniff  [INHALES SHARPLY.]   and this will be my life now.  Joe, you got to help me.  My picture's in the paper and everything.      Well, everybody knew that Bob Iger thing,  but you got to help me, Joe.  No way. You should've thought of that before you committed  a victimless crime between consenting adults  in a commercial arrangement which also created jobs  and contributed tax dollars to the community.  Now if you'll excuse me,  I'm gonna go watch Bob Iger drain threes at the local gym.  We've got to think of something to make Joe drop the charges.  I don't know, he seemed pretty insistent.  Trust me, Joe can be pretty easily influenced.  -  I get knocked down  - Oh, no!  -  But I get up again  - Yeah!  -  You're never gonna keep me down  - Good!  -  I get knocked down  - Oh, no!  -  But I get up again  - Yeah!  You're never gonna keep me   [LIPS SMACK.] Ah  [LIPS SMACK.] Ah  Sounds like that water's pretty refreshing, huh?  - Excuse me? - No, nothing, you just made a weird noise  after you took that sip of water.  RB, that's the sound you make when you take a sip of water.  What? No way, that's so annoying.  I'd-I'd kill myself if I sounded like that.  Brian, don't forget, I'm you.  Everything I do, I literally got from you.  Well, not that.  I think I know how to take a sip of water  without sounding like a rock concert drum solo.  Go ahead. Show me.  Hmm? Mm-mm.  Mm-mm-mm-mm.  [LIPS SMACK.] Ah  Joe's police rounds bring him down this street.  So the plan is, we trick him into coming in  and getting an erotic massage.  Then we blackmail him into dropping Peter's charges.  Right. And if someone makes a joke about my weight,  I laugh good-naturedly and then go home and eat my feelings.  O-Okay. That-that's part of the plan you keep on the inside.  Yeah. Next to the pizza you had for breakfast.  [LAUGHS.]  Here comes Joe. Places.  La, la, la, la, unsuspecting song   Huh. \"Miracle Leg Massage. Walk Again, Joe.\"  I don't know. What's the name of this place, anyway?  \"Flip Joke Massage Parlor.\"  Well, tempted as I may be,  there is no way I'm going in there for a massage.  Ma'am, I assume you're giving me a great message,  but that's where it stops.  I'll be a monkey's uncle before I accept a sexual favor.  And that's the story of how your mother my sister  got into college.  [BABBLES.]  [LAUGHS.]: Oh, Barnaby Bananas.  You're certainly my smartest nephew,  but Harvard is only for humans.  No monkey will ever graduate from there.    Barnaby Bananas.  [CAMERA SHUTTER CLICKING.]  I tell you, Janine, I sure feel dumb for what I said earlier.  Congratulations, Janine. Also, Joe,  we got pictures of you getting a sexual favor a while back,  so now you got to drop the charges.  This'll never stick, Peter.  I know a top-notch Harvard-trained lawyer.  [BABBLES.]  An M.A. in urban planning?  That's no help. All right, Peter, you win.  - Really? - Yup, I'm gonna drop all the charges.  And now maybe you could drop a few LBs, huh?  [LAUGHTER.]  [LAUGHTER OVER TELEVISION.]  [LAUGHS.]  - What?! - What?  I do not laugh like that.  Again, Brian, I'm you.  I can't do it unless you've already done it.  You can't do it unless I've already done it?  What is this, Bark to the Future?  [BOTH LAUGH.]  Oh, my God, I do do that.  Hey, Brian, I think I put in a good day of writing.  Check out what I did.  - This is a blank screen. - Exactly.  I spent all day working on the margins.  - The margins? - Oh, yeah,  you got to get the margins right.  They frame the page.  They're like the corral, and the words are my wild horses.  It's my job to break those word horses  and ride them off into the green pastures of prose and poetry.  Stop! It's just so pretentious.  Well, they're your words.  No way. I would never say that.  Words are my wild horses.  It's my job to break those word horses  and ride them off into the green pastures of prose and poetry.  Sir, all I said was your Discover card was declined.  Turn it off, turn it off!  God, I'm such a jerk.  I hate you!  Which means I hate me.  What did you just say?  I said I hate me. I hate myself.  You've made me realize I hate myself.  [WHIRS.]  - What the - [SLOW CLAP.]  Well done, Brian, well done.  Stewie? What are you doing? What the hell happened to RB?  - RB served his purpose. - Which was what?  To show you that the last thing you need is a detailed account  - of who you are and what you do. - Excuse me?  Brian, you wanted to write your autobiography.  And I needed to show you that no one  wants to read your autobiography, not even you.  - Because - Because your best is middling,  your worst is intolerable, and when you die,  the most you'll want written about you  is \"He Was a Good Boy\" on your tombstone.  And even that will be a complete lie.    I couldn't do it. I couldn't lie.  TV ANNOUNCER: We now return to The Talking Talking Dead,  the show that talks about the show  that talks about The Walking Dead.  Okay, so what do we think about what they thought about stuff?  It was awesome. Oh, my God, it was so great  how they thought that other show was so great.  Yeah, totally. And that one part of the show  where the guy was talking about that one part of the other show  and how he didn't see that coming?  I did not see that coming.  This is just too much to process.  I need an aftershow after this aftershow,  just to know what I just saw about  what I just saw about what I just saw.  - Well done, Chris. - Thank you.  And Brian, you certainly had yourself an adventure.  I sure did.  Hey, whatever happened to Robot Brian anyway?  He moved down to the marina.  I hear he's doing pretty well.  [PHONE CHIMING.]  It's been like this all morning.  I'm actually starting to get a little worried, you know?  It's not a bionic robot.  - It can break. - [PHONE WHOOSHES.]  What's that swoosh?  He's got a mouth sensor, too.  And remember, Brian, he wouldn't do anything you wouldn't do.  - He's you. - [PHONE WHOOSHING, CHIMING.]  It's rather musical, isn't it?  Sounds like the \"Carol of the Bells.\"  [\"CAROL OF THE BELLS\" PLAYING OVER PHONE.]  - [PHONE VIBRATING.] - Uhp, I'm getting a call.  Oh, no, it's Allison Janney. Decline, decline.  I tell you, Lois, being a masseuse is a tough job.  But it all just goes to show that basically  every licensed massage therapist in this country is a prostitute.  Oh, yeah. You can pretty much do whatever you want  with any masseuse ever, because they're all prostitutes.  And it's not just the masseuses.  If you're ever seeing, like, a physical therapist,  or doing yoga with a private instructor?  Just go for it.  There's, like, an 80% chance you'll get there.  But Peter, there's, there's one thing I still don't get.  Why did you take the massage job in the first place?  For you, Lois. I did it to earn enough money  to buy a comb for your beautiful hair.  Oh, Peter, didn't you know?  I sold my beautiful hair to buy you a bottle of massage oil.  Great. So now I'm an unemployed masseuse with a bald wife.  Merry [BLEEP.] Christmas.   (SINGSONGY): Stone fruit season!  Now, those are what my granddaddy called  \"proposin' peaches.\"  Don't be shy, now. Dig in.  (LOUD SLURPING)  (LAUGHING)  Whoa-ho!  Here I go.  (LOUD SLURPING)  (BOTH LAUGHING)  Don't you do it. Don't you go to the gross side.  It's out of my control.  They're too juicy.  We exchanged a look earlier.  We have a grossed-out, no-fun alliance.  (SLURPING)  So, you guys like peaches, huh?  - Yeah. - Hold on.  I need a large pane of glass.  Well, I got her phone number.  How do you like them peaches?  \"888-LAP-BAND\"?  Covered by most insurance.  Guys, check it out.  In honor of opening day at Fenway Park this weekend,  the Red Sox are offering four tickets behind home plate  to the person who makes the best Red Sox ad.  - Oh - My  - Freaking - (FARTS)  Guys, winning those seats is our highest priority.  Even higher than my dream of winning socks-on karate.  (GRUNTS)  Point! Winner!  - Ow! - Ow!  Ah, this is the life.  - Thanks, Peter. - I still can't believe you won  by filming yourself pooping in a Yankees helmet.  I am not a subtle filmmaker,  and my audience wouldn't have it any other way.  Joe, what are you eating your ice cream out of?  They ran out of those mini batting helmets,  so they're serving it in athletic cups.  Did you buy that from a certified vendor?  He wasn't behind the counter, but he had a blue shirt on.  I think somebody might be having a little fun with you.  Yeah, come to think of it, he did have a friend filming,  and he made me eat the first seven bites in front of him,  and he didn't charge me anything.  Do you, uh  do you want this?  I'll take a bite.  Four beers, please.  Anything else, fellas?  PETER: Uh, yeah, I'll have a beer.  Anyone else want another?  PETER: Yeah, why not?  - Quagmire? - QUAGMIRE: I'm good.  PETER: I'm good with one more.  - Cleveland? - I'm fine.  PETER (SLURRING): Yeah, I'm fine with one more, too.  I-I'm gonna take it with me to the can.  All right, now to have the only exciting thing  in the game happen as soon as I turn my back.  (CHEERING)  (CHEERING, WHISTLING)  (CHEERING)  (CHEERING)  (CHEERING)  (CHEERING STARTING AND STOPPING)  (CHEERING)  (CHEERING)  Hey, buddy, that's just a break in the line  so people can pass through.  End of the line's that way.  Yeah, it's all the way to that guy with the scorebook  just waiting for someone to talk to.  Don't get used to Benintendi's two-strike hitting.  His history will tell you it's not a sustainable pace  for an everyday outfielder.  Aw, screw that. I'm using the ladies' room.  How bad could it be?  (PETER SCREAMS)  I saw a mouse.  Buddy, if you really gotta go, you can use that one.  A bathroom for Prince?  I can't use that. I'm not Prince.  (CHUCKLES): It's not for Prince.  Space Cats? I'm not a Space Cat.  Sir, I can assure you there's no such thing as Space Cats.  Now, can you direct me to Earth's reserve of yarn?  Aw, screw this.  Excuse me, ma'am, could you direct me  to Earth's reserve of near-empty tuna tins?  Are you a Space Cat?  - He's been made. - We've got to call him back.  (BEEP)  Psst, psst. (CLICKING TONGUE)  Psst, psst. (CLICKING TONGUE)  Guys! I found the best toilet in the whole place.  - Next time - Peter! You're on the jumbotron!  - (GASPS) Where? - Right there!  - (GASPS) Here? - There, Peter, there!  (GASPS) Here? Yes?  It's right in front of you, Peter!  - (GASPS) Right here? - CLEVELAND AND QUAGMIRE: No!  - Oh, over here? - Damn it, Peter,  you're gonna miss it!  (GASPS) Is-is this is this it?  (GASPS) Aha! Where?  (CHUCKLES) Guys, look! I'm on the jumbotron!  ANNOUNCER (OVER P.A.): Ladies and gentlemen,  let's give a big Boston welcome to Peter Griffin,  the fist transgender Red Sox fan.  Peter, you used the transgender bathroom,  so now everyone thinks you're transgender.  Cleveland, what are you eating your Cracker Jacks out of?  Oh, the guy said they were out of regular boxes,  - so he gave me this box. - What did he look like?  Like this.  Hey, that's the ice cream guy!  I got a handful, too, Peter.  You want to see who can finish faster?  You're on!  It looks like we've got ourselves  a good old-fashioned Cracker Jack off.  Good morning, Peter. We saw the game last night,  and, well, we just want you to know  that we wholeheartedly support all transgender people.  - But I'm not - Peter, before you say anything  that might clear all this up, let me tell you  about our stellar transgender employee benefit package.  Benefits? I'm trans-listening.  Well, as such, you're entitled to supplemental time off,  our on-site masseuse  and a $60 gift card from Nordstrom Rack.  - Nordstrom?! - Rack.  - Yeah, but Nordstrom! - Yes, I understand.  But it's just Rack.  Well, in the words of trailblazer Caitlyn Jenner,  \"I will do anything for money and attention.\"  So brave.  Great. We'll send the paperwork down to your office.  Well, better use the men's room one last time.  Lot of history in there.    You.  And you, the Hungry Hungry Hippo.  You'd always swallow it before I could see what I did.  And one last look at my crack imprint on the walk of fame.  God, I remember that day.  I would find out later  that when you put your ass in wet cement,  you're just sealing it shut forever.  Best they could do was poke holes in it  so it comes out like Play-Doh spaghetti.  Anyway, that's the first act.  Peter, pretending to be transgender to get time off work  trivializes a real struggle in this country.  Did the did the Space Cats get to you?  I don't know what that is, but you got to knock this off.  And direct me to Earth's reserve of sun-dappled window seats.  Lois is right, Peter.  Besides the fact that you're lying to your employers,  you're taking advantage of a civil liberty  that so many oppressed people  have fought their entire lives for.  Shut your mouth, Brian. I'm part of a movement.  Hey, what is \"transgender,\" anyway?  Is that the stuff in potato chips  that makes your bum go bam?  (GROANS) It-It's pointless arguing with you.  Cool. Now, in order to pull this off,  I'm gonna have to look the part.  Lois, which dress may I borrow?  None. My closet is off-limits.  Fine. There's got to be something in the attic.  I can't even begin to describe the density of illness  I feel in my bone marrow right now.  That is-that is how appalled I am by this.  - Other guys? - Sorry, Peter.  I don't see you getting away with this one.  Look, Peter, the good news is  you still fit in your wife's wedding gown.  Not every guy can say that.  It's actually Meg's. She commits murders in it.  What's this, now?  That's just it, Peter this whole thing is a joke to you.  Are you forgetting I have a dad who's a woman?  No, of course not. That's the first thing  everyone thinks of when they see you.  But Th-this isn't like that.  And I thought you guys would support me.  Like we all supported Joe on that road trip.  - Boy, I am stuffed. - Oh, I forgot to mention,  one of you guys has to be in charge  of changing my diaper the whole trip.  Why don't we all just switch off?  Oh, there will be other jobs for other people.  Okay, I guess we should, like, draw straws or something.  Actually, I've been observing all of you  for the past few hours, and I choose Quagmire.  - What?! Why me? - You've got long fingers.  And I feel like you wouldn't crack  if things start to go south.  (SIGHS) Fine. How do I know when it's time?  Well, I'll turn to you, very sincerely,  and I'll look you right in your eyes,  and I'll say, \"Quagmire, I've got poopies.\"  Ugh.  Now, Quagmire, I've  - You got poopies. I know. - No!  You're supposed to let me say it!  Quagmire  I've got poopies.  - Dad! - Dad!  How goes the transition, Mr. Griffin?  Like Huma Abedin, I'm trying to forget about my Weiner.  Whoa, we're doing Cheers, not Frasier.  - (SIGHS HEAVILY) - Tough day, Dad?  I don't get it. How does Rebel Wilson  always look so fetching?  - Does she, though? - You could be, too,  if you just let your hair down a little.  Now you just take that beautiful hair down to the salon,  and you'll be a ten.  On a scale of a billion?  Thanks, Chris.  Thanks for helping me at 11:30 on a school day.  There was a shooting.  (INTRO TO DAVID BOWIE'S \"QUEEN BITCH\" PLAYS)  She's an old-time ambassador   Of sweet-talking, night-walking games   But she's a queen and such are queens   That your laughter is sucked in their brains.   I'll take 'em all.  Well, hello.  - Where you going, Dad? - Out.  Now that I'm living as a woman, I can say whatever I want to men  and they can't hit me.  Oh, hey, Peter.  Sully could've made it to an airport.  Hey, you shut your mouth! That man is a hero!  Ah, ah, ah, ah! Woman.  (SIGHS) Well, it's definitely true  that I respect the boundaries of women.  Oh, hey, Sherry, uh, just-just get in the fireplace.  I'll-I'll spit down the chimney.  Hey, Joe. How's the suspension going?  When you get married,  you don't think you'll be home together all day.  It's, uh trying.  BONNIE: Who's at the door?  (JOE INHALES DEEPLY THROUGH NOSE)  (YELLING): It's my friend!  So, what's up, Peter?  I just wanted to tell you that I'm the one  who planted the evidence that got you suspended.  What?! I'm gonna kill you!  Ah, ah, ah! Woman.  Oh, right.  BONNIE: Joe, close the door.  You're letting the bugs in.  Is your daughter still killing people?  She is.  Hey, Chris Brown.  I just wanted to say I'm a huge fan of your music.  (LOUD SMACK)  This is just gonna make me listen more.  Oh, hey, Ray Rice.  Would you mind pressing \"lobby\"?  What do you got, potatoes in your ears?  I said press \"lobby\"!  Now, Peter, one of the perks of being a woman  is that you get to go out and have a white wine,  squeak-fart lunch with your friends.  Did you hear Diane's husband left her?  (HIGH-PITCHED, SQUEAKY FART)  Yeah, you could tell from the wedding  - they were not gonna last. - (HIGH-PITCHED, SQUEAKY FART)  Oh, it's a shame. And they have two kids!  (HIGH-PITCHED, SQUEAKY FART)  Marriage is hard.  (LOUD, WET FART)  Those machines in the ladies' room don't vend pants, do they?  Don't let 'em take my salad. I'm still working on it.    This is so great. Now that I'm a woman,  I can lean-dance into anyone's karaoke song.  When you were here before   Couldn't look you in the eye   Yeah! It's a work night!  - (WHOOPS) - Hey, come on.  Get out of here.  You're ruining my birthday party.  Your skin makes me cry   Sing Justin Timberlake!  Come on! I waited an hour and a half for this!  And, hey, get off that bar!  Why?  Because you're at Lowfan O'Reilly's.  (GROANS)  All right, where am I on the screen?  Oh. \"Float like a feather in a beautiful world.\"  Dah, dah, dah. Okay.  Flippin' special   But I'm a creep   What? What happened?  Ah, I knew you'd catch it.  I'm parting my hair on the other side now.  Oh, Peter, thank God you're okay.  Hello, bosses and not my family.  You really gave us a scare there.  Oh, what do you mean?  Well, you went into a coma  after you were hit in the head by a fan.  Oh, it was funny.  - And then it wasn't. - A coma?  Well, I feel tomato now, beige spots.  And since the company was paying for your medical care anyway,  we fulfilled your letter of medical intent  for your sex reassignment surgery.  - What? - She's saying that your surgery  to become a woman was a complete success.  It's much easier going that way, believe me.  Just a chop and a mop.  Congratulations, Peter.  You're officially a woman.  No!  That is one nutty hospital.  Peter, I'm sorry this happened, but it's your own fault.  You should never have pretended to be someone else.  That's right, but now that it's done,  maybe I can help you with the transition.  You know, I've always been a great supporter of the LGBLT  - Nope. - LGTE.  - No. - GED.  - Unrelated. - L.I.E.  - The Long Island Expressway? - NKOTB?  - The wrong stuff, Brian. - WNBA?  Yes. Yes, WNBA.  Mom, you know, our world today is filled  with people like Dad trying to find their identities.  Whether it's cutters, or people who cut themselves,  or people who drag knives across their thighs to feel something.  (SIGHS) You're right, Meg.  I guess we'll just have to deal with this,  like when Chris won that hundred-dollar scratcher  and talked down to everybody.  Your house is so cozy, Joe.  Wish I could get by with just two bathrooms.  Technically, one and a half.  Leave us alone.  I said, \"Leave us alone,\" but deep down,  I respected and even desired Chris for his success.  It would take another eight years  before I summoned the courage  to kiss him at a backyard barbecue,  and from that moment on  JOE: Bonnie! Bonnie!  I've got poopies.  Thank you for showing me the 90 things  women have to do before going to bed.  Okay, now quick break to cry for no reason.  Can we do one last judgmental scroll through Facebook first?  Of course.  Congratulations, you went to a dance club.  You know, Peter, if I didn't know better,  I'd say you'd been a woman for years.  Now we just drift off to sleep,  thinking about Rick from Midas Muffler.  I probably won't be able to sleep  'cause I had two sips of tea at 3:30 this afternoon.  That's okay, Peter.  You can just read on an impossibly bright iPad  while I toss and turn in a pissy way.  (LOIS GROANS)  You almost done with the chapter?  Oh, there's no chapters. It's a Clifford book.  Thank you, young man.  Hey, now that we're all settled at this table,  you guys want to move outside 'cause it's such a nice day?  Okay, why don't you go save us a table outside,  and we'll be there soon?  (CROWD CHATTER)  Taken. Sorry.  You know, it's fun back here.  You don't even know you're in Quahog.  Please don't talk to us. You're too fat.  (HIGH-PITCHED, SQUEAKY FART)  You want me to start a new tab for you?  No, you can just keep ours going.  Your friends left the minute you came out here,  and they didn't pay their indoor tab.  I feel so alone.  And that bitch stole my hairstyles!  Well, hello.  PETER: That's what he said to me!    IDA: Peter?  - Ida? - Come, sit.  Well, look at you.  Yeah, look at me.  - What's wrong? - It's a long story.  Yeah, I've heard.  Peter, everything is gonna be okay.  I promise.  O-Okay.  Now, I'm going to tell you a story.  When I first met you, Peter,  I was already at the end of a long journey  to find the courage to become a woman.  But before that, I lived for 61 years  as a miserable, miserable man.  I grew up in the small town of Football, Texas,  and from the age of eight, I was mercilessly teased  for being different and \"dressing funny.\"  Then, at the age of 14, I had an epiphany.  It was so clear.  I was a girl trapped in a boy's body.  I'm having a hard time focusing without a drink, but go on.  It took me 47 years from that day to officially own who I am.  Is there a waiter or?  In those 47 years, I became an expert at hiding my secret.  I became a war hero and raised a family,  but I was dying inside, and the deeper I buried it,  the more unhappy I became,  and eventually, I even thought of ending my own life.  But I couldn't do that to Glenn.  (SNIFFLES) I had no idea.  It's clear you had no idea.  You know nothing about what it means  to feel this struggle.  Yeah, you're right.  I kind of stumbled into all this,  but you've been dealing with it your whole life.  Yes, I have.  And my story, to one degree or another,  is every transgender person's story,  and all those stories are the price of admission  to finally feeling at peace with who you are  A price you never paid.  Ah, I'm so sorry, Ida.  I feel really awful,  and I'm a really bad person for what I did.  I deserve what happened to me.  Touching story, other people humans.  Now, could you direct me  to Earth's reserve of other dog butts?  That's right, that's right.  Everybody natural.  Peter, listen to me.  You were a bad person.  But now you've taken a journey.  It just took becoming a woman to make you a better man.  But I'll never be that better man.  I can't afford the surgery to go back.  I think I might be able to help you with that, Peter.  - Really? - Yes.  I've got an idea.  What a day.  Oh, Peter, you started a Kickstarter.  Not exactly.  BRIAN: Oh, that's that's not a \"K.\"  Look at that. You're up to six inches.  That's two inches past your goal.  It's not important what the goal was.  What's important is this community cares.  Congratulations, Mr. Griffin.  Your surgery was a success.  You're a man again.  Sully was a hero!  Well, I'm glad everything's back to normal.  I'll say.  Dad, you lost a wiener but came out a winner.  (GIGGLES)  Well, that does it for our crossover episode.  Thanks for coming, cast of Bob's Burgers.  We didn't get to do anything.  Show's 22 minutes long.  Not everything makes it to air.  But, hey, you have the floor  if there's something hilarious you want to say.  I'll just sit here and be quiet.  Give us two Emmys worth of amazing.  Maybe a funny burger name? No?  Girl in the bunny ears?  Boy, I love it when characters are expressed by props.  I kind of feel like this is less of a crossover  and more of a roast.  No, a roast is good-natured.   (ELEVATOR BELL DINGS)  MAN: Hold the door.  Great. It's that guy I only have one thing in common with.  Hey, Peter. How about that gay encounter we had?  God, every time with this guy.  I'm gonna take the stairs.  Oh, my God, I'm never gonna get up these stairs.  (PANTING)  Okay, it's all right.  I do this every week in the opening credits.  All right, let's see. How does that go?  Lucky there's a family guy   Lucky there's a man who   Positively can do   All the things that make us   (GRUNTING)  I swear he says the F-word.  (PANTING)  Everything hurts.  Everything's wet.  I'm just gonna stay here.  Was Labyrinth a good movie?  I can't remember.  I don't want to watch it again, though.  Seems like a chore.  Aw, even Slinky from Accounting can make it up the stairs.  Don't forget to turn in your time card, Peter.  What are you, allergic to money?  Ha ha. No. No, I want to get paid.  Just forgot.  Ugh, look at me.  I haven't felt this out of shape since I took surfing lessons.  Boy, this is harder than I thought.  My arms are getting really tired.  Nah, you're fine. Just keep goin'.  Tai, your positivity is infectious!  All right, P-Town, wave comin' in.  I'm just gonna give you a little push, and you just stand up.  (BARKING)  Okay, so, welcome to the first meeting  of our women's creative writing workshop.  Ladies.  Okay, Donna, you want to read yours?  Oh, I didn't do mine.  Wha? Well, then you can't have any more snacks.  You just can't.  Well, I guess it's my turn.  \"Louise lowered her velvet hood,  \"letting loose her flowing red hair.  \"Ignoring her friends' obvious and understandable envy,  \"she confidently approached the mysterious castle.  \"The doors blew open,  \"as if some magical force had been expecting her.  \"Louise belonged here,  \"if only because this is where Horatio called home.  \"Then, through the vegetation, and past the mist  \"that sprinkled her heaving bosom, she saw him.  \"Horatio, with his long, flowing hair blowing in the breeze,  \"his cape fluttering.  - (STOMACH GURGLING) - \"He had only two loves  \"in his life: his horses and Louise's heaving bosom.  \"He grabbed her tighter than she'd ever been held before.  \"A way in which her husband, Paulter, had not held her  - \"since before they were married. - (TOILET FLUSHES)  \"Horatio then took Louise by the hand,  \"leading her out to his stables as her bosom heaved.  \"Louise's mind was racing in anticipation  \"of the dirty hay sex that was gonna most definitely happen.  \"As the two lovers entangled into one  \"atop the probably peed-on hay,  \"Louise's bosom heaved.  \"They spent the next 18 minutes  \"fighting off sneezes, in the throes of ecstasy.  Heaving bosom.\"  - Damn, that's steamy, Lois. - Really?  Uh, yeah, really. Phew!  Anybody mind if I open me?  - (HISSING) - Ah!  See you in the shower, ladies.  What am I gonna do?  I've been here all day, and I can't move.  I got it. I'll do what James Franco did in 127 Hours.  WOMAN: UCLA admissions office.  Yes, I'd like to enroll in a couple of classes  so I can have sex with girls not old enough to get into bars.  JOE: Peter! I heard you're in some trouble!  I'm stuck! I don't want to die here!  (CRYING): I just want to go to my desk and surf the Internet.  Hang on, Peter. I'll come up and save you.  Stairs.  Why'd it have to be stairs?  (GRUNTING)  I can't do it. Here, you're just gonna have to kill me.  Wait. Look, Joe.  A lever to turn the stairs into a slide.  (ALARM RINGING)  Damn it, Peter!  It's just a little water. What's it gonna hurt?  Oh, God!  Delete history.  No.  No!  (ALARM RINGING)  Peter, you caused millions of dollars' worth of water damage,  all because you couldn't make it up the stairs.  Aw, man. This means I'm the work fatty.  I haven't been this embarrassed since I forgot  about the silent part in George Michael's \"Faith.\"  Well, I need someone to hold me   But I wait for something more   I've started using these pills called Stiff for Hours  from the gas station.  'Cause I got to have faith   Mmm, I got to have faith.   Dog walking into a room   There's food left on the table   And my owners aren't around.   Just gonna do a little paws-on-the-table,  side-of-the-mouth dog eating.  A Stable Affair by Lois Griffin.  Okay, another writer in the house.  Oh, my God, this is amazing!  This is basically a guide  to what Lois is looking for in a lover.  Check this out.  Lois is writing a romance novel about a woman  who is unhappy with her husband  and begins to have a torrid affair  with a caped lover who has horses.  Don't you know what this is?  It's a description of her every fantasy and desire.  This could finally be my key to  To what, banging my mom?  You know, you are the worst.  Ladies.  Ugh! You guys, this is so embarrassing.  All this happened  because I'm too fat to make it up some stairs.  Peter, you got to lose weight.  I know. You guys got to help me, though.  I can't do it on my own. I'm too weak.  All right, we'll help you, Peter,  but we're doing it Quagsberry rules.  What's that?  A woman or in this case, a man  Has to do anything I say, no questions asked.  Anything, I promise.  PETER: My dearest Lois,  I've taken Quagmire's place  as a Union soldier in the Civil War.  Shortly after I arrived, they amputated my leg.  I dared them to, and it was a big mistake.  The other guy in my tent is a wet dead guy.  Yours, Peter.  All right, Peter, today we start helping you lose weight.  First, let me just make sure  you're not hiding any food in your clothes.  (BEEPING)  WHISPERING MALE VOICE: Taste. Taste. Taste the rainbow.  Peter, are you hiding Skittles in your pants?  Is that all of 'em?  Just-just give me a second.  When I turned about 40, it started breaking up into two.  Weekend plans?  Please don't talk to me. I need to focus.  (HORSE WHINNIES)    Good morrow!  What is thee, uh, up to?  Brian, is that your horse?  Wh-When did you get a horse?  Oh, I've been an Equus for a while.  The play with Harry Potter's penis?  Just my trusty steed here.  We have a special connection.  Me being an equestrianist and everything.  I-I had no idea you were into horses.  Sexy, huh?  No, seems like a hassle, and expensive.  How do you pay for it all?  Well, the costs are meager when you're able to dominate  and control the beast with just the slightest glance.  Stop it.  Ha, ha! What?!  This is nuts!  Anyway, I've been speaking to my horse in the silent language  of knowing, and I (GRUNTS)  Never walk behind a horse.  You would have to hate horses not to know that.  Being one with nature.  (GRUNTS)  A mutual bond of trust.  (GRUNTS)  Different species, same heart.  (COMICAL WHIRRING)  (CLICKING)  (À LA DAFFY DUCK): You're dethspicable.  Welcome to CrossFit, Peter.  How's it different from a regular gym?  Do regular gyms have open garage doors  where members' large dogs can charge innocent civilians?  No, I I guess not.  Okay, to start, why don't you go meet the owner,  Jayce, over there?  He'll help maximize your nutrition regimen.  - Hi, I'm Peter. - Hey, man. Jayce with a \"Y.\"  Yeah, I figured.  (CHUCKLES) So, to start out, like, uh,  tell me, what's your favorite kind of food?  - Pizza. - (CONDESCENDING CHUCKLE)  - Oh, man. - What?  (CHUCKLES) You, uh  (CHUCKLES) y-you can't eat pizza.  - Why not? - (CHUCKLES)  It's, uh it's  (CHUCKLES): uh, it's  it's bad.  - Why? - (CHUCKLES)  Because, uh, it's, like, uh  (CHUCKLES) pretty bad for you.  But what makes it bad?  (CHUCKLES): Oh.  Yeah, no, it's, like, uh  like, probably one of the worst things you can eat.  - How come? - (CHUCKLES)  Uh, uh, because, of, like, the ingredients in it.  - Which ones? - (CHUCKLES)  Uh, I mean, yeah, like,  basically, all of them.  - Name one. - (CHUCKLES)  Yeah, I yeah, I mean  (STAMMERS) you said your-your words,  uh (CHUCKLES) pizza.  All right, I'm cutting this off right now.  It's clear you're an idiot and deserve no more of my time.  Oh, Peter, you're home from CrossFit.  Here, have some pizza.  (CHUCKLING): Oh.  Uh, you know what is in that?  It's, like (CHUCKLES)  - It's very bad. - What?  (CHUCKLES)  Uh, wow.  Okay, Peter, a good and conspicuous workout  is to do lunges on the sidewalk.  Just do like I do.  - Step. - Uh-huh.  - Step. Step. - Uh-huh. Uh-huh.  - Step. - Uh-huh.  - Step. Step. - Uh-huh. Uh-huh.  - Step. - Uh-huh.  - Step. Step. - Uh-huh. Uh-huh.  Step.  - Step. - (MOUTH FULL): Uh-huh.  - Step. - Uh-huh.  - Step. Step. - Uh-huh. Uh-huh.  - Step. Step. - (STOMACH GRUMBLING)  Step.  Step. Step.  Okay, Peter, whatever you do,  don't look down the hole.  (INHALES DEEPLY)  Oh, God! I looked down the hole!  Oh! I got a sense of what's down there!  Okay, okay. All right, you can still save this.  Just don't smell.  (INHALES DEEPLY)  Oh, God! I smelled everything!  Oh, it's so deep in my nose!  Okay, okay, whatever you do,  do not dip your cupped hand in the water.  - (WATER SPLASHES) - Oh, God! I'm doing it!  Oh, God! What is wrong with me?!  The chemicals in the water are not breaking down  the integrity of these movements!  Okay, Peter, you can quit pretending.  - The workout's over. - Thanks.  I was just in there checking my phone.  My phone!  (DIVING BOARD CREAKING)  (SPLASH)  Okay, Peter,  whatever you do,  do not open your eyes underwater.  What the hell?  I thought we were gonna get a ten-dollar scoop of ice cream  with all the millennials who can afford  ten-dollar scoops of ice cream  but can't afford to move out of their parents' house.  We are. But first I need to pick up this wine  that Lois mentioned in her story.  Where's that part about the wine?  \"The doors magically opened.\"  - \"Chill came over her.\" - (SHUDDERS)  \"Through the vegetation.\"  \"Light mist.\"  Uh, Brian, everything you read just happened to us.  I think her book is about the grocery store.  Oh my God.  What?    It's the guy, Horatio, from Lois's book.  She's fantasizing about having an affair with this guy.  Or, who knows, maybe even is having an affair with him.  Excuse me, where are the crackers?  What? We don't work here.  We're a dog and a baby. I do I  Do my-do my clothes make it look like I work here?  I think it's the overalls, yeah.  Hey, get back to work.  I'll see you back at home, Brian.  I've got to finish my shift.  I don't get it.  You've gained 12 pounds.  Looks like we're gonna have to take more drastic measures.  Peter, say you're not gonna have sex with me.  - What? - Just say it.  I'm not gonna have sex with you.  (RUMBLING)  (SHOUTS)  Guys, let me out of here!  No! You said you would do whatever's necessary  to help you lose weight.  Please, let me out!  Glenn, is it okay if I stay the night?  Oh!  Rancor, what are you doing here?  I'm trying to diet, too.  Eating too many pig guys?  I thought it was the pig guys, but, you know what,  it was the bread.  PETER: I'm so hungry!  Let me out!  I'll tell you what First guy that lets me out  gets his own spin-off.  Not you, Cleveland.  Sorry, Peter, this is for your own good!  Yeah, you told us you would do anything to lose weight!  I lied! I just want to be free,  like a recently divorced man with no kids!  (GUNSHOTS, TIRES SCREECHING ON TV)  This is nice.  This is better.  Stewie, I can't believe it.  I mean, do-do you think Lois could be having an affair  with this Horatio guy?  LOIS: Brian, will you watch Stewie?  I have to go get groceries  and won't be back until later tonight.  Uh, yeah, sure.  Oh, my God, Stewie, she's going to the store  and won't be back until tonight?  Do you know what that means?  Disguises?  No, but we should follow her and see what the hell is going on.  WOMAN: Stewie-Chan!  (SPEAKING JAPANESE)  I'll meet you there, Brian.  I've got to finish my shift.  All right, Peter, now, I know you haven't eaten in a while,  so this is something called the Pocket Diet.  Okay, guys, empty your pockets.  Whatever you got in there, he eats.  Uh, Glenn, can we go somewhere and just talk for a minute?  Aah!  Guys, stop saying things, all right?  I will say the things.  Oh, my God.  He's getting in the car.  He's going in for a hug.  They're hugging! This is insane!  I know. This guy.  This guy is a star.  I can't believe it, Stewie. She picked him up.  They hugged.  Lois is having an affair.  We've got to stop them.  - (TIRES SCREECH) - Aw, great.  Just great.    (TIRES SCREECH)  Lois, don't do it!  Brian?  What the hell are you doing here?  Don't do what?  Don't have sex with Horatio!  It's not worth it!  What are you talking about?  Look, I found your book and read it.  I thought that you wrote  everything you were looking for in a lover,  and, if I could embody some of those things,  maybe I would have a shot with you.  But then I found out Horatio is real,  and-and I couldn't bear to see you do something like this  to the family.  It's not you, Lois.  Wait, let me get this straight.  You, without asking, read something I wrote?  Then, thinking I was revealing  all my most intimate wants and desires,  you thought that you could exploit  what you read to seduce me?  But when you thought I might be cheating  with someone other than yourself,  you found that, and only that, morally objectionable?  And you bring Stewie here,  who doesn't understand any of this?!  I predict, in the finale, everyone can understand me.  That'd make a good finale, right?  Brian, this is Horatio.  He's special.  I know you think he's special.  No, he's special.  He's learning disabled.  I like Coldplay.  - Ooh - Oh  I'm not having an affair with him, Brian.  I volunteered at the special needs living facility,  and Horatio happened to like horses.  So, once a week, I take him to the stables.  And the cape is from a Darth Vader costume he had as a kid.  Did you know he's the boss of the stormtroopers?  Yes, I have fantasies about him dominating me  with his idiot strength.  But it's just that  A fantasy.  That's why I wrote it in a story,  because I knew that I would never act on it.  Ugh. I never thought a dog  could be such a genuine piece of human garbage.  Lois,  I'm truly sorry for what I thought.  It all just made sense to me at the time.  But now that I see what it is,  I'm ashamed of myself.  I hope you can find it in your heart  - Hey, Bri. - (NEIGHS)  There's a good girl.  Joe and Cleveland,  are you ready to see your new Peter?  What do you guys think?  I don't believe it.  I'm speechless.  (CRYING)  Hey, look, it's Jonah Hill sometimes!  Wow!  Looking good, Peter.  Yes. I might want me a little taste of that.  (CHUCKLES): Oh, well, Sheila, look out.  Be careful what you ask for, 'cause you never know  I might Are-are you serious?  'Cause I will do this, 100%.  My wife's in, too. I'll call her.  We'll do a whole thing.  Hey, Lois, I got a two-top.  Okay.  She's out, but I'm still in.  Boy, I got to admit,  I feel a little sheepish to get so fooled  by a silly little book that Lois wrote.  Yes, but, you know, I think what we missed in all of this  is that Lois wrote a beginning, middle, and end to something.  What have you written lately, Brian?  Well, nothing, but, you know, I think-I think  any writer knows how hard it is  to be staring at that blank page.  (CHUCKLES) Sounds like you did write something:  your career's obituary.  (LAUGHS)  Well, that's our dog and baby.  Hi, this is Chris Griffin.  Boy, Lois had some amorous adventures this week.  But you know what really turns me on?  Reading.  Why don't you get yourself down to the library  and open up a book.  Here's a few of my favorite books.  J.D. Salinger's Catcher in the Rye.  The Kite Runner by Khaled Hosseini.  And, of course, The Dirt by Motley Crue.  Seriously, read The Dirt.  They snort a row of live ants like cocaine.  Remember, kids, a library card is free,  but knowledge is priceless.  Get that Dirt book.   Peter, come on.  - What? - We're starting.  Oh, is this, uh, a new one?  I thought it was a rerun. Okay, here we go.  [CLEARS THROAT.] Line?  [QUIETLY.]: What are those guys doing over there?  Hey, what are those guys doing over there?  - [MEN CHEERING.] - I added a \"hey.\"  ALL [CHANTING.]: Here we go, Patriots!  All right, now let's go miss the urinal  with half a whiz and get out of here.  - [CHEERING.] - Right on!  Hey, why you guys leaving?  We're taking a party bus to the game.  A bus for partying?  Aw, that sounds awesome.  Like a pair of Pete's Headphones.  - [\"OYE CÓMO VA\" PLAYING.] -  Oye cómo va   Mi ritmo   Bueno pa' gozar   Mulata   Ba, ba-da ba-da-da   Ba-da-da-da-da-da   Da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da   [CRICKETS CHIRPING.]  Mom, can we eat?  My stomach is starting to sound like Arnold Schwarzenegger  gasping for air at the end of Total Recall.  STOMACH [AS SCHWARZENEGGER.]: [SHOUTS.] My eyes are  popping out at the end of this movie!  Well, I'd like to wait for your father.  L-Let me send him another infuriating check-in text.  [SINGSONGY.]: Hel-lo!  Yes?  Peter, where the hell have you been?  On a magical journey to Gillette Stadium and back.  You remember last night when you called me  the lowest-class alcoholic in the world?  Well, I found one rung lower. I'm a party bus guy now.  That's got to be way better than when I drove a Fiat.  - [MUZAK PLAYING OVER RADIO.] - Hey! You cut me off!  What? Turn down your radio.  I can't. My stomach's pressed up against the dial.  You want to go?  Get me 17 shoehorns and some canola oil,  and we'll go!  - [TIRES SCREECH.] - Get back here!  [CROWD CHEERING.]  Okay, guys, now this is a bus for a fireman's bachelor party.  So just follow my lead and we'll fit right in.  - [EXCITED CHATTER.] - All right!  9/11! Boston Strong!  Never forget!  How about this guy? You forget?  No way. You're too Boston Strong to ever forget.  Let's roll!  Uh, I mean civil servants with hero complexes!  - [CHEERING.] - Boom!  - All right! - Welcome, other firefighters.  - [ROCK MUSIC PLAYING.] - Bring us the man of the hour.  Come on, Smitty!  [WHOOPS.] To my last night as a free man!  [ALL SCREAMING.]  Hmm. Unfortunate timing.  Now, which one of these scumbag firemen  will go after his fiancée?  Already happened. We're very happy.  [GENTLE GUITAR MUSIC PLAYING.]  Firemen are not good friends   They'll bang your wife when you are dead.   Peter, this sucks!  What are we doing out here?    [ALL GRUNTING.]  I'm beginning to think those vodka cranberries  may have had alcohol in them.  [INDISTINCT CHATTER.]  Wow, partying on the bus to prom.  Doesn't get much cooler than this.  None of these lame kids is drinking.  Eh, I think I know what's going on.  Hey, how many of you kids are on the horny drugs?  I'm a cop.  [CHUCKLES.]: But I'm not a narc.  [CHEERING.]  [CHANTING.]: Cool cop! Cool cop! Cool cop!  - [SNIFFS.] Did you dook yourself? - [CHANTING CONTINUES.]  Just listen to the chant, Peter.  Listen to the chant.  -  -    Close dancing, 12 o'clock.  Hey, arm's length, dirty porno lovers!  So, going stag tonight, Meg?  Oh, no, I brought someone.  [HIGH-PITCHED.]: Hello. I'm in love with Meg.  Well, now I'm very sorry I asked.  Wow, the end of high school.  Tonight, we pass around Stifler's mom,  and in the morning, it's off to die quick in Vietnam.  Peter, I think you're getting your movies mixed up.  Attention, students.  It's time to announce this year's prom king and queen.  PETER: Natalee Holloway!  [CHUCKLES.] Now, now.  And the winners are  Connie D'Amico and \"Kermit Legs\" Kyle!  Ah, so close.  Hello, gorgeous.  - How old are you? - 18.  All right, and I just recorded you saying that.  And hi. I am Glenn Quagmire.  Courtney. Nice to meet you.  You don't look like you're in high school.  I got held back. You like getting held back?  Sometimes.  [DANCE MUSIC PLAYING.]  All right, youngins.  I dragged this piece of dirty cardboard in from the alley  to show y'all how to get down.  Peter! Let's boogie!  [SCREAMS.]  [\"APACHE (JUMP ON IT)\" BY SUGARHILL GANG PLAYING.]  -  Ho! Ho!  - [CROWD CHEERING.]    Aah! There was a staple in the box!  Where's the nurse's office?  Hey, you want to get out of here?  Yeah. Let's go.  You take requests?  What are you looking for?  A-hunga, hunga, hunga, hunga   [MUSIC STOPS.]  [SINGING ALONG TO MUSIC.]:  It's been one week since you looked at me   Cocked your head to the side and said I'm angry   Five days since you laughed at me   I know all the lyrics.  - I just don't know them fast! -  Three days   - And initial here. - What is all this?  Oh, these just say if anything should happen to you,  I'm not responsible, blah-blah-blah.  I'm-I'm just boring myself.  I had a lot of fun with you tonight, Courtney.  Me too.  [MOANS.]: Oh, Courtney.  Oh, Glenn.  Oh, oh, giggity!  Wait. Did you just say \"giggity\"?  Yeah. Sorry.  Sometimes I just blurt that out when I get excited.  Oh, my God. Oh, my God! Oh, my God!    Here. Rub this up and down on the inside of your cheek.  - BOTH: Giggity. - Aah! Stop saying that!  -  - [DEVICE BEEPS.]  What is it, Glenn? What's wrong?  You're you're my daughter!  Oh, my God!  Wow.  I guess this means I have a phone call to make.  Hey, it's Glenn Quagmire.  Would you tell Andrew that he is not the father?  MAURY POVICH: Andrew, you are not the father.  [CROWD CHEERING, ANDREW SHOUTING EXCITEDLY.]  [\"APACHE (JUMP ON IT)\" BY SUGARHILL GANG PLAYING.]  [ANDREW CONTINUES SHOUTING EXCITEDLY.]  Courtney, there's something I just got to ask.  What the heck was the theme of that dance?  - What do you mean? - I mean, like,  there was palm trees like it was Hawaii,  but then there was a suit of armor in the corner.  There was a big banner w-with fish on it.  Can we get back to the fact that you're my dad?  Yeah, you're right. I'm-I'm sorry. I'm sorry.  Well, let me ask. What's up with your mom?  Actually, I never knew my mom.  I was hoping that you could tell me about her.  Uh of course I can.  Your mom  your mom was really  thing hanging on the bulletin board behind you.  That's so nice to hear. Tell me more.  Oh, gosh, she was, she was just so  word on the bottom of your coffee cup.  I always knew she would be! What else?  I just have some great memories of her  numbers to call in case of emergency  or accidental poisoning.  It's like she's here with us right now.  So you don't know your mom? Who do you live with?  Well, right now I'm on a futon  in the rafters of my friend's garage.  Oh! Actually, I better get going.  I have to feed their ferrets. They breed them.  It's pretty terrifying. [GIGGLES.]  Anyway, thank you so much for being so nice,  and let's talk soon?  Wait, hold on. You can't live in a ferret garage.  You need a home.  You know, you could move in here.  I have an extra bedroom, and the bed has a bunch  of different-sized pillows on it.  Hmm. I do love dealing with those pillows every day,  but are you sure?  I don't want to be a burden.  No, it's no problem. Hey, you're my daughter.  I want to make sure you have everything you need.  Thanks. That's sweet.  Um okay! Yeah. I'll move in.  That's huge for me.  Hey, is that an Instant Pot?  - No, it's a Crock-Pot. - You got to get an Instant Pot.  You can make short ribs in it. It falls right off  Yeah, yeah, falls right off the bone. I know.  I've had this conversation five times.  [KNOCK ON WINDOW.] Hey, Quagmire.  I hear you're considering an Instant Pot.  [SIGHS.] Courtney, that's Joe, my neighbor.  Hey, Courtney. You getting this guy on board?  So, I think I had a wet nightmare last night.  Is that possible?  - Hello, fellow daddios. - Did you bang your kid yet?  Okay, Peter, can I talk to you for a second?  I'm sorry, but I am not going to stand for any misogyny.  Stop acting like a Neanderthal pig.  Those sound scary.  What were you two ladies talking about?  Joe, can I talk to you for a second?  It's 2019. Time-tested jokes like that  are now offensive and not funny at all.  Okay, I got to go.  I'm taking Courtney to her first WNBA game.  I got courtside seats.  They're way in the back, but I'm sitting next to Courtney.  [LAUGHS.] I-I got dad jokes now.  See you, friends.  Yes, 911?  Someone has stolen the old Quagmire  and replaced him with a respectable man. [LAUGHS.]  OPERATOR: Sir, this line is reserved for emergencies only.  Please end your clammy joke.  - Okay. Sorry. - [BEEP.]  - You remember what I told you? - I'm the best around.  Nothing's gonna ever keep me down.  That's right. I made that up. Now go get 'em, kiddo.  I'll be watching with the other moms.  Here's all the usual suspects.  [CHUCKLES.]: Oh, you're doing a video.  Turn it G-Get it off. Glenn, I look terrible.  Glenn, Courtney's up!  Okay, okay, here we go. Please.  Let's go, Courtney!  Ah, perfect! That's a ten!  9.2? 9.2?!  9.2?!  9.2?!  9.2?! I'll give you a 9.2.  On the Richter scale!  Courtney, let's go.  I get to go again. We do it twice.  Oh.  Let's go, Courtney.  So, you liking Take Your Daughter to Work Day?  Uh, yeah!  I can't believe my dad knows how to fly this thing.  - You want to try? - Me? I don't know.  Come on, it's easy.  You don't even need a college degree,  which is a very scary true fact. Go ahead.  You're doing great. Now roll it.  [CHUCKLES.]: What? No way.  Don't worry, you're a Quagmire. It's in your blood.  - Grip it and rip it. - Okay.  [PASSENGERS SCREAMING.]  QUAGMIRE: Attagirl. Perfect.  N-No. No, no. We're not doing that.  I got my daughter with me today, you perverts.  PILOT: He's not doing it today.  - PILOT 2: Aw, shoot. - PILOT 3: Another time.  PILOT 4: Probably got his kid with him.  I'm glad you guys could finally come over for dinner.  Sure thing, Lois. Thanks for having us.  See, Meg? That's a thigh gap.  Now, Courtney, I'd like to awkwardly introduce you  to someone your own age.  Courtney, this is Megan.  Maybe you listen to the same music.  - Hey. - Hey.  Yo, Courtney, what's your Instagram?  I just got on there and need some interesting peeps  - to follow. - Oh, you'll have to ask my dad.  He approves all my follow requests.  Denied! Nice try, ass.  Hey, have you guys seen the Wonder Woman film?  - Yeah, no. - Oh, you have to.  It's a triumph.  Courts and I have seen it five times.  It's an important movie, Peter.  You should watch it with Meg. It's a masterwork.  Oh, I've been wanting to see that.  Okay, we totally will.  Hey, Dad, I just checked the weather,  and it looks like sunny skies all weekend.  You guys have big plans?  Yeah, we're going camping.  Hey, you and Meg should come with us, Peter.  We'll make it a father-daughter bonding weekend.  - Oh, that's a great idea. - Yeah, let's go, Dad.  Y-You know who you should take instead of me?  Uh, Stewie or-or Chris or Brian.  May-Maybe Lois.  Or Seamus is fun.  Carter Pewterschmidt, Babs Pewterschmidt,  Bonnie, Joe, their son Kevin,  Cleveland, Jerome, Bruce, Opie, Carl,  the \"phony\" guy, the ostrich, Al Harrington,  Billy Finn, John Travolta from one of our cutaways,  uh, all of our characters as Star Wars characters,  everybody from The Cleveland Show,  Cherry Chevapravatdumrong  that's how that name is pronounced  the Orville the ship, not the cast  um, me Aw, damn it!  Okay, fine. I'll go.  - Thank you. - Cool.  I heard my name, too. I'm in!  No? I'll drive, buy snacks?  No? Okay.  Everyone else is out here, too.  [INDISTINCT CHATTER.]  Oh, my God, it's literally everyone.  That can only mean show ghosts!    [GRUNTS.]      I'm really glad you decided to bring Meg  on this camping trip, Peter.  - It's gonna be great. - Because we're in the  Because we're in the great outdoors.  [INHALES DEEPLY.]  [EXHALES.]: Ah.  You don't get air like this back in Quahog, do you, Pete?  Uh, I don't know. Some places, probably.  Hoo-ah! Gosh, being in nature gives me such great energy.  Hey, Courtney, you ever see a yellow-headed warbler?  That's the only warbler I haven't seen.  Not for long it's not.  [WHISTLING BIRD CALL.]  Don't answer that. We're eating.  They're probably eating.  Okay, we're gonna have a fun camp competition.  And the first event, worth five points,  is a race down to the lake right now!  Last one there is a stinky poo-poo egg!  Come on, Dad!  What Meg didn't know, what none of them knew,  is that I already was  a stinky poo-poo egg.  Boy, you don't get stars like this  back in Quahog, do you, Pete?  Stop calling me Pete.  I know what'll cheer you up. Skits!  [TO \"CHARGE\" FANFARE.]: Skits, skits, skits, skits   Skits, skits, skits, skits   Skits-skits-skits-skits, skits-skits   Skits!   [WHISTLING A TUNE.]  Well, isn't this a perfect bench for a sit.  Say, Dad, what are you doing?  Oh, just sitting on the invisible bench,  reading about those North Korea jokesters.  But, Dad, they moved the invisible bench last week.  Oh. It's over there now.  Whoa!  [MEG AND COURTNEY LAUGH.]  Ladies and gentlemen, \"The Invisible Bench\" skit.  Peter, you're up.  Okay, here's one. I call it \"The Invisible Noose.\"  First, I throw a rope over this tree limb,  put the noose around my neck.  Now I'll just step onto this rock  and jump off into the sweet relief of death.  Peter, would you mind flattening your rod?  Fine. I'll Tootsie it between my thighs.  Yeah, okay, whatever gets it away from my daughter's face.  Are you eating an apple with a knife?  God, that's always so forced.  Hold on. We've been here already.  Yeah, she's right.  That's where I graffitied that rock.    We've changed our minds. We're going on record.  We're not lost, all right?  We're just two dads bonding with our daughters,  and getting lost is not part of the plan.  All right, nobody panic.  We just need to get our bearings.  Hey, here comes a hiker.  Excuse me, sir, we're lost.  Ha! Then you must be my car keys, right?  [LAUGHS.] It is so nice to get out of the city  and meet friendly people.  You're not helping, Dad. As usual.  Well, at least I didn't get us lost.  We're not lost! We're just two dads in the woods,  who love our daughters very, very much.  Okay, so maybe it's not the life we chose.  Well, you chose it. I didn't. That's for damn sure!  - Dad, will you help him? - Shh.  I've been waiting for this. I knew it was fake.  Dad, I'm sorry. I didn't  I'm not Dad! I'm Quagmire!  Glenn Quagmire!  Giggity [BLEEP.] giggity!  I don't want to be out here! I hate camping!  And what the hell was the theme of that stupid prom?!  All the cups said, \"Oh, What a Night!\"  I mean, if it was, \"Oh, What a Knight\" with a \"K,\"  that would've made some sense,  'cause there was a suit of armor there.  What was that about? Answer me!  I-I think it's possible to overthink these things.  Ugh, what a mish-mosh.  Damn it, I just want to be home,  not here, lost in the woods, looking at this stupid map  with a magnifying glass.  Aah!    Oh, my God. What are we gonna do?  I don't know.  - Help! - Dear God, someone help us!  You know when this would never happen?  If I was sitting on the couch, watching TV,  ignoring you completely.  Courtney, I'm sorry for what I said earlier.  You mean when you completely ripped my school dance theme?  No, no, there was no theme to rip.  That's the point. I stand by all of that.  If anything, I'm more angry.  No, I'm-I'm talking about being your father  before I was ready.  I promise, if we make it out of here,  we can start again.  - Deal? - Deal.  [HELICOPTER BLADES WHIRRING.]  9/11!  Boston Strong!  Oh, it's Smitty.  We're saved!  But we should warn the birds the fire's coming.  [WHISTLING BIRD CALL.]  All right, stay calm.  Grab the pictures. I'll get your mother's ashes.  Wow, Peter, that was a close call with that fire,  but I'm glad you all made it back safe and sound.  Yeah, me, too.  What the hell?  Oh, I hope it's okay.  I bought some more pillows.  [JAZZY BASS RIFF PLAYING, CANNED LAUGHTER.]  I mean, what is the deal with women and pillows?  Has-has anyone else noticed this?  MAN: No.  No one?  But I-I got three minutes of material on pillows.  - MAN: We don't want to hear it. - [MUSIC STOPS.]  [SCATTING JAZZY BASS RIFF.]  [SINGS ENDING FLOURISH.]NA   Ugh! This sucks, Mom.  We really have to spend the whole day cleaning out the garage?  Yeah, come on, Lois.  You know I have plans today to go see Pervert Hamlet.  To be  with this skull sexually,  or not to be  with this skull sexually.  That is the question  I answered when I was with this skull sexually  a little while ago.  Huh. All these spray paint cans are empty.  What? Really?  (LAUGHING): H-How could such a thing  have come to pass?  Screw this. Quick, before your mother gets back,  everything in the garbage.  We're throwing all this stuff out.  Wait. You're throwing away Stewie's Big Wheel?  Relax. It's not even his.  I took it from a front lawn after a rain storm.  (CAN RATTLING)  I thought they'd never leave, Factory Red.  So, I guess Thanos got the Mind Stone.  Wow. So now he's got all of 'em.  - I guess so. - What does that mean for us?  I have no idea.  I knew it was gonna be us.  Oh, my God. There's a hot woman over at the bar.  You know, I never forget the back of a head.  I don't think we've met. I'm Glenn Quagmire.  I'm sure that kind of thing works great  for the younger crowd, but I'm 44.  44? Oh-ho, why am I trying so hard?  Come on, let's get out of here.  Look, I'm not some bimbo who falls for tired pickup lines.  Wow. That was painful.  Like that time I passed a kidney Stone Phillips.  (GROANING): Oh!  Aah! Aah!  (SPLASHING)  KIDNEY STONE PHILLIPS: Or was it murder?  - Hey, Doug. - Hey, Stewie.  Taking the Big Wheel out for a spin?  Yep. Where are you headed?  Oh, I was just gonna drive through some puddles  and see how long my tracks stay wet.  The record is seven sidewalk squares, by yours truly.  (LAUGHING): Allegedly.  (LAUGHING): Okay, get out of here, you nut.  What the deuce? Where is it?  (SIGHS) Boy, I tell ya, no better way to start your day  than a morning dump in a neighbor's yard.  QUAGMIRE: Come on, Brian!  It was a soft steamer, almost impossible to pick up.  Brian, have you seen my Big Wheel?  I can't find it anywhere!  What? No. Did you look?  Oh, wait a minute.  Peter threw out a bunch of stuff from the garage yesterday.  Maybe it was in there.  Threw it out? But today is our trash pick up day!  (GASPS) We're too late!  I've got to get that Big Wheel back.  Will you drive me to the town dump?  Really? Can't we just maybe buy you a new one?  No, Brian. It has to be that Big Wheel.  It's very special to me.  I lost my V-card on that thing.  You what?  Yep, went over a speed bump really fast and broke my hymen.  Stewie, you don't have a hymen.  - Yeah, not anymore. - No, you're a boy.  I have to correct you there, Brian. I'm a man.  'Cause, you know broken hymen.  Boys don't have hymens!  Okay, then I may have just ripped my taint.  Either way, I love that bike!  Hi. Can you help us?  We're trying to locate a lost Big Wh  - (INSECTS BUZZING) - My God,  there's just so  much garbage.  (MOANING)  Yes, we are in search of a Big Wheel  that was erroneously discarded and collected today.  Oh, then it probably came in with the morning load.  Sorry. That term always makes me blush.  But if it just came in, that's bad news.  Usually the newest, top layer of trash  just blows right into the ocean.  Yeah, I'm afraid your Big Wheel may be gones for good.  Dear God, this is horrible!  I'm blind! I'm blind! I'm blind!  Phew. Ooh, something smells good in this box.  I'm blind! I'm blind! I'm blind!  Damn it. Monica's not responding to any of my texts.  You're still trying to bang that 44-year-old?  - What are you sending her? - Mostly porn.  Just shots of rods.  All angles. Up, down, left, right.  Lois, maybe you could help me ask out this woman I met.  She's close to your age.  But she won't respond to any of my texts.  Oh, well, that's easy.  Just ask her if she's all caught up on This Is Us.  (PHONE VIBRATES)  She says, \"I'm one behind, so no spoilers.  Hysterical laughing face, hysterical laughing face.\"  How-how is that funny?  It's not, but you're in.  Great. This is exactly the stuff I need to know.  Lois, will you teach me the ways of the middle-aged woman?  All right. I'm a sucker for romance.  Thanks, Lois. This could open up a whole new world for me.  Like one of those kids who gets a device  that allows them to hear for the first time.  - Billy, can you hear? - Yes!  Amazing! This is amazing.  Your mom and I are going to get a divorce.  I'm in love with someone else,  and I didn't want to say it with the silly hands.  Brian, I've been doing research on my Big Wheel.  If it ended up in the ocean,  it most likely has traveled to Garbage Island.  What's Garbage Island?  The other name for the North Atlantic Garbage Patch,  an enormous cluster of man-made debris  floating in the middle of the ocean.  This is terrible. We got to raise awareness,  - let people know about it. - I agree.  It's like a giant garbage whirlpool.  Brian?  You heard me.  Anyway, I'm heading there to find my Big Wheel.  Perhaps you'll come with me.  Boating to an island of garbage?  I'm in. Maybe Peter will come, too.  Hey, Peter, want to go on a boat ride?  Oh, uh, I can't be in stories for a couple of episodes.  (WHISPERING): I'm real-life pregnant.  Oh, my God. I had no idea.  (HIGH-PITCHED): I know!  Anyway, Mama's got to get off her feet.  All right, time to retrieve my Big Wheel from Garbage Island.  Let's do it.  Hey, how'd you get the money to rent this boat anyway?  Oh, I got a part-time job at Target.  Okay, technically, I work at the weird, in-store Pizza Hut.  ANNOUNCER: The Target In-Store Pizza Hut.  Feed it to your fat kid while you buy off-brand tennis shoes.  Now, Glenn, I'm gonna help you get into the mind  of a middle-aged woman.  STEP ONE: we all go frigging nuts over Yankee Candles,  so to help you learn all the flavors, I made a little quiz.  I'm gonna give you a name, and you tell me  if it's the name of a Yankee Candle or a porn star.  - Okay. - Black Coconut.  Porn star?  No, that's a candle. Amber Gold.  - Candle? - That is a candle.  April Showers.  Um both?  Very good. I tried to trick you there, but you got it. Both.  Okay, okay, I'm writing this all down.  But, Lois, Monica agreed to have dinner with me tomorrow.  - That's great! - I suppose.  But I don't think I can pull it off by myself.  Will you come and just be nearby  to give me tips and help me get through it?  Fine, but I'll have to rearrange my schedule.  Friday nights are when Peter and I do edibles  and go to the aquarium.  This is awesome.  Peter, I'm freaking out.  Yeah, don't-don't don't ruin it for me.  Okay, I spy something blue.  Uh the ocean?  Nope.  The sky?  Hey, you got it in two, bud.  That ties the record.  Stewie, I'm starting to wonder  if we didn't think this all the way through.  No, it's fine.  It'll all be worth it once we get to Garbage Island.  Not a lot of wind today.  No.  Hey, what causes wind?  Well, if my reading material has taught me anything,  it's just a cloud with lips.  Blustery  is a good word.  Uh-huh.  Mm Moana.  Mm.  I never saw Moana.  You never saw Moana?  (PHONE VIBRATES)  Your blowout looks nice.  Oh, thanks.  So, um, I noticed a yoga mat in the back of your car.  - How often do you do yoga? - (PHONE VIBRATES)  - Is everything all right? - Hmm?  Oh, oh, yeah, yeah. Sorry.  My, um my-my dad locked himself out of his car.  Oh, sorry. Do you need to help him?  Um, no, uh, no. He, um, he broke, uh  broke the window with his foot.  High heel. My dad's a woman now.  - Oh. - (PHONE VIBRATES)  (CHUCKLES) You're lucky we came here.  I almost suggested Mickey D's.  (LAUGHING): Oh, my God.  That's so informal.  Are you talking about McDonald's?  - (CHUCKLES): Yeah, yeah! - (PHONE VIBRATES)  Another thing I was just thinking about is  \"AMBER Alert, white Honda Accord,  license plate\" Uh, uh, I mean,  Pinterest sure has some neat pictures of sinks.  Doesn't it?  Listen, what if we just bail on dinner  and head back to my place?  Great! I'm in.  Wait! You have to pay for the bread.  Hey!  You have to pay for the bread!  You have to pay for the bread!  You have to pay for the bread!  The bread!  (CRYING): You have to pay  for the bread!  (CRYING)  (CREAKING)  (GRUNTING)  Moana?  Oh, my God. Brian. Look!  We made it!  We made it to Garbage Island!  My God, I don't believe it.  Whoa, look at all the packaging from Mickey D's.  What? Oh, my God, I've never heard that.  \"Mickey D's.\" That is just great.  Anyway, let's start looking for my Big Wheel.  Hey, check it out, a VCR just sitting here.  I'm taking this sucker home.  (GRUNTS)  (GASPS)  - Oh, crap. - Brian, you idiot.  Now how the hell are we supposed to get back to land?  We're both going to die.  Oh, look, a message in a bottle is washing up.  Maybe this'll help.  PETER: DEAR ENGLAND: Enclosed,  please find one bottle fart in exchange for Russell Brand.  We feel this is appropriate compensation.  Yours, et cetera, America.  - (FLATULENCE) - (GROANING)  Damn it, Brian! How could you sink our boat?  We're going to die!  MAN: You guys need any help?  - Aah! - Aah! Who the hell are you?  Name's Taylor. 'Sup?  How the hell did you get here?  Oh, I, uh I-I fell off a booze cruise.  - You what? - Yep, washed up here.  Matter of fact, we all did.  How are you all planning to get back home?  Get back home? Why would we want to do that?  Yeah, we've got everything we need here.  There's tons of free, half-eaten food that washes up.  And we just bang each other all day.  That, uh  that doesn't sound terrible.  Hey, so, we've been stuck out here for over 20 years.  Can you catch us up on all the important things  that we've missed?  So, no way!  Kylie Jenner and Tyga are no longer together?  Splitsville, my friend.  How did Robert Kardashian die?  - Guilt cancer. - From what?  Oh, boy.  So people thought the dancing Judge Itos were funny?  For a while, yes.  Is Leno still doing it?  No, he's not hosting anymore.  Oh, so Conan got The Tonight Show?  - (SIGHS) - Oh, come o  A-And so what about Craig Kilborn? Is he still on?  I'm actually right here.  Oh, right. Hey, Craig.  Oh, hi, Glenn.  I haven't seen you in a while.  H-How are things with Monica?  Who?  Monica, y-your hot date from the other night.  Oh, yeah. I plowed her. Thanks again.  But-but I thought she was the one.  Yeah, no, what I realized is  that all those texts you sent me,  they're like my bible now.  I just keep using these same tips on different women.  I owe you, Lois.  You've opened up a whole world of middle-aged legs to me.  (HUMMING)  Oh, my God. Quagmire's terrorizing middle-aged women,  and I'm responsible for it.  I've created a monster.  Oh, no! My Luna Bar for women.  (HAUNTING MUSIC PLAYING)    Please call the DWP.  I'm stuck in here.    (SEABIRD SQUAWKS IN DISTANCE)  Hey, what day is it?  Trash day.  (BOTH LAUGHING)  Brian, look, I found my Big Wheel.  - Cool. - It's more than cool, Brian.  I believe the Big Wheel may actually be our ticket  off the island.  You see, I've calculated that,  even with both of our weights,  it will still be capable of flotation.  My plan is to attach  six Jimmy Buffett margarita machines to it,  which should be able to propel us home.  Home? I don't think I want to go home.  What? What are you talking about?  I'm saying I like it here on Garbage Island.  O-Okay, I-I don't think I can talk to you,  because, right now, you're making less sense  than an M.C. Escher floor plan.  So, how's it coming?  Are we gonna finish on schedule?  I don't know, Mr. Escher.  I've never put six stairways all in one spot.  And I've lost, like, ten of my guys in here.  Hey, I need a hammer!  I hate this place! I quit!  (GRUNTS)  Uh, 'scuse me, I'm-I'm looking for anything by  Mike \"Bubble\"?  LOIS: It's \"Bublé,\" you idiot!  Oh, hey, Lo Ow!  That feels great!  Glenn Quagmire, I tried to help you meet a nice woman,  but you just couldn't help yourself, could you?  What are you talking about?  I thought I was helping you find love,  and, instead, you used me as a tool  to get down every middle-aged woman's pants in town.  Slacks, Lois. They call them slacks.  You wouldn't know that if it wasn't for me!  (SIGHS) You're right.  You were kind to me, and I took advantage of it.  I owe you an apology.  Well, thank you.  Here, let me make it up to you.  I'll buy you a coffee, and  do you like the music of Ray  \"LaMountain\"?  \"LaMontagne.\"  Thank you. Hey, beautiful,  you want to take a pointless girl-stride walk  and listen to Ray LaMontagne?  - Sure. - Great.  See ya, Lois.  Last chance, Brian.  You're really not coming with me?  I'm sorry, Stewie. I'm not.  I know it's weird to say, but  it's kind of just too perfect for me here.  I see.  Well, I should go.  Fort Lauderdale Tanya found a four-piece puzzle  she's been struggling with.  TANYA: Where does the cow go?  It's all corners, babe.  (SIGHS) I have to say,  I never imagined saying goodbye to you, Brian.  So long take very good care  dear friend of mine farewell.  That's odd phrasing.  Sorry, it's been hard to think straight.  From the moment we arrived, I've either been drunk or ejaculating.  These are things you don't say to a baby.  Goodbye, Brian.  Goodbye, Stewie.    (WHIRRING)  Sha-la-la-la-la-la, my lady   In the sun with your hair undone   Can you hear me now   Callin' your name from across the bay?   A summer's day laughin' and a-hidin'   Chasin' love out on Thunder Island   Do-do-do, do-do-do   Do-do-do-do-do   (PEOPLE EXCLAIMING)  Do-do-do-do, do-do-do   Do-do-do, do-do-do-do-do   Hey, hey, hey, hey   -  Do-do-do-do, do-do-do  - (SCREAMING)  Do-do-do, do-do-do-do-do   Stewie, what the hell's going on?  We're back in Quahog?  - We are, Brian. - Why? What happened?  You're an enormously important part of my life, Brian,  and I couldn't bear the thought of losing you.  I assumed it unlikely you'd change your mind,  so I added the fans from many, many Dell laptops  to the back of my Big Wheel  so I could simply tow everyone back to land.  Wow.  Thank you.  That means a lot to me.  Well, our journey taught me something, Brian.  You can throw away just about anything in this world,  but you can't throw away a friendship.  No, you can't, Stewie.  Cool if I say goodbye to the garbage?  You do what you got to do, you gross dog.  Do-do-do-do, do-do-do   Do-do-do, do-do-do-do-do   Hey, hey, hey, hey   Do-do-do-do, do-do-do   Do-do-do, do-do-do-do-do.   Sweet sunshine   So, sha-la-la-la-la-la   My lady   In the sun with your dress undone   Now every mile aw   (MUZAK VERSION OF \"THUNDER ISLAND\" PLAYING)  Sausage and pepperoni for Alan?  Alan?  (SNIFFS) God, that smells good, doesn't it?  - Alan? - Yeah.  But, actually, I ordered just pepperoni.  (SIGHS) Can I see your receipt?         (QUIET CHATTER)  Ugh. I can't believe you dragged me to The Flow.  - This is gonna suck. - Oh, knock it off.  It's not gonna be that bad.  Besides, I couldn't leave you at home.  Last time I did that, the kids walked in on you  looking at Internet corn.  (QUIETLY): Oh, God, what I wouldn't do to that.  What? N-No! No, it's not even mine!  I just clicked on it!  And c-come on, it's not like it's gay corn.  It's gay corn.  It was baby corn.  (APPLAUSE)  Hi, ladies, and welcome to The Flow!  (WOMEN CHEERING)  We'll be starting the taping in just a few minutes,  but I wanted to come out here personally  and say hi to my fans.  Let's get everyone up, up, up and dancing like maniacs.  (DANCE BEAT PLAYING, WOMEN YELLING WILDLY)  (GRUNTS)  (GASPS)  (GRUNTING)  (GRUNTING CONTINUES)  (GRUNTING CONTINUES)  (GASPING FOR AIR)  (GRUNTS)  - (WHISTLE BLOWS) - (GASPING)  First down.  (THEME MUSIC PLAYING, APPLAUSE)  Let's welcome our first guest,  my colleague at Channel 5 and now a best-selling author,  Tricia Takanawa.  (APPLAUSE)  So, Tricia, tell us about your book.  I understand it's been number one on Amazon  for many weeks, long time.  It's called Throw It Away:  The Life-Improving Art of De-cluttering.  People nowadays own too much stuff.  I am encouraging them to throw it away.  Genius! So just throw everything out?  Not quite.  If it kindles joy, you keep it.  But if no joy, you throw it away.  Can I look at your phone?  No. Use your activity book.  I already did all the fun ones at church.  It's very simple.  I came up with it after hiking to the top of Mount Asia  and meditating on Epiphany Bridge.  Ah! Peter, these are Asian techniques,  and they're new to me.  I have to buy this book, read two chapters,  then leave it on my nightstand for a year.  That fart was the lady next to me.  Whatever. I'm getting that book, Peter.  And it's for reading, not for killing spiders.  Oh, don't worry, Lois.  I got a better method for doing that now.  I'm really excited you're humanely relocating me  to outside your house.  Oh, yeah. Me and the fellas thought it was time.    SPIDER: Oh, no  Kids! Peter! Get down here!  Everyone, I just read Tricia Takanawa's book,  and it was really inspiring.  She says that when you de-clutter your house,  you de-clutter your mind and clear a path to true happiness.  How about a clear path to dinner, bitch.  So I want everyone to go through every single item you own,  and if it doesn't kindle joy, throw it away.  See?  This sweater, it's okay, but it doesn't kindle joy.  I'm throwing it out.  Now, get to it.  Wow, she's really all in on this.  Well, she's searching for something  to fill her empty life.  You remember when she thought the solution  was putting a lemon slice in a plain glass of water  for a \"very simple kind of pleasure\"?  Ah. Perfection.  And just the thing to wash down six Xanax  from four different prescriptions.  Mmm.  Tomorrow, this will seem like a new idea again.  Oh, my voodoo doll of Mom.  Yeah, totally throw. It never worked, anyway.  LOIS (IN DISTANCE): Ow! What the hell was that?!  Oh. Keep.  (LOIS SCREAMS)  Box of cords that go to computers from the 1980s.  Keep.  $70,000 in Camel Cash.  I should've pulled the trigger on that umbrella. Keep.  Woody and Buzz, who definitely are not alive,  so I can turn my back on them!  Well, I guess they passed the test.  They're really not alive!  LOIS (CALLS): Peter, what are you doing up there?  Oh, nothing, Lois. I was just making sure  I kept my Woody and Bu  I knew it.  Peter, there's nothing in your throwaway pile.  I know. I'm keeping everything.  - Everything kindles joy! - That can't be true.  Even this old tin can on a string?  I mean, what are you even doing with this?  You're a grown man!  Why would you possibly need this?  If anything is garbage, this is garbage.  Sounds like things aren't going well  - at the Griffins. - This is why no girls allowed.  I hate to do this, guys, but Peter's been compromised.  Oh, look, my box of ribbons I've saved from various presents.  Oh, I'm not throwing that out. That's a good ribbon.  This is a good ribbon, too.  These are all very usable ribbons.  Hey, little guy. How's the sorting going?  I'm not getting rid of my ribbons!  (STRAINING): I just wanted to know  if I could borrow a ribbon.  (GROANS)  TV ANNOUNCER: If you love Game of Thrones on HBO,  you'll love Cinemax's Boob Dragons.  (DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)  (ROARING)  Series pass. Record all. Priority one.  Peter, that's, like, your 50th bag.  What could possibly be in there?  - Oh. Have you not heard? - Brian, no!  (SKIPPING):  Well, everybody's 'bout the bird   Bird, bird, bird   (NEEDLE SKIPPING, SONG PLAYING DISTORTED)  Bird, bird, bird   Bird is the bird, bird   Wait a minute, didn't we destroy that?  I glued it.  \"Surfin' Bird,\" uh, uh, uh,  finds a way.  I love it!  Perfect!  (LAUGHS): Ah-ha-ha!  So, Lois, what's your next  \"bored housewife seeking purpose in life\" project  after de-cluttering?  Vegan baking? Handmade soaps on Etsy?  Whoa. You drunk already, bro?  What's your next fake writing project,  a rap opera about Grover Cleveland?  (CHUCKLES): No, Lois, that would be ridiculous.  Mine is a '70s funk musical about William Howard Taft.  (FUNKY SOUL MUSIC PLAYING)  Who's the big fat president   Whose suits look like a flannel circus tent?   Taft   Right on   Who's that presidential chub   Got stuck in the White House tub?   William Howard Taft   They say this cat Taft   Is a fat mother   Shut your mouth   I'm just talkin' 'bout Taft   And we can dig it.   (INHALES DEEPLY)  (EXHALES): Ah.  PETER: Ah, so good to be home.  Since when do you surf?!  Oh, I don't. I just rolled around in the sand  and brought home this bucket of alive crabs.  (SIGHS)  When the clutter is gone,  the path to happiness is clear.  Lois, you could just pee in these like a space suit, right?  Peter you don't kindle joy.  - What? - I'm sorry,  but I'm looking at you, and I'm just not feeling joy.  What what are you saying?  Peter  I don't think I can have you in the house right now.  You're throwing me away?  Yes.  I'm so sorry, Peter.  I just feel like if you don't kindle joy  And that's what the book said  You can't kick me out of my own house.  The house that I pay for?  That I semi-pay for with help from your parents?  That your parents pay for entirely,  but I get to put the mortgage coupon in the mailbox?  That your parents pay for entirely  using autodraft from their account  while I put a pretend mortgage coupon that clearly says  \"Not legal tender\" into the mailbox?  That your parents pay for entirely  using autodraft from their account  while I put a pretend mortgage coupon that says  \"Not legal tender\" into Stewie's Sesame Street mailbox?  That your parents pay for entirely  using autodraft from their account  while Chris puts a pretend mortgage coupon that says  \"Not legal tender\" into Stewie's Sesame Street mailbox  while I hold the plastic door open for him?  That your parents pay for entirely  - Peter, we get it. - Okay.  What's happening again?  I'm asking you to leave the house.  The house that I pay for?  Thanks for letting me crash here, Quagmire.  No problem, Peter. I'm sure Lois'll cool down  in a few days, and you'll be back home.  Yeah, she'll be fine. And you won't even know I'm here.  I mean, I need to keep up with my workouts.  And I can't sleep unless I have Dunkirk on at full volume.  (DUNKIRK SOUNDTRACK PLAYING, VOLUME INCREASES)  - (RAPID GUNFIRE) - (MAN GRUNTING)  But, yeah, this'll be great.  Hi, kids. Do you need those hats?  - I mean - It's the foundation of my look,  but we can discuss it.  I feel like they're clutter. I feel like you don't need them.  L-Let's just see what you look like without  Whoa! You kids are Legos?  Sorry you had to find out this way, Mom.  Oh. Hi, Brian. You're carrying clutter,  I'll just throw it out.  Ha! A clean house means a clean soul,  and a clean soul is a happy one.  That was a whole pizza.  And I didn't even start eating it yet.  You're surprised about a pizza?  She threw out a whole guy.  Yeah, Lois might be starting to lose it.  Even her cutaways are getting a little too minimalist.  Have you noticed?  Donald Trump's hair is unusual.  Oh, hey, don't use the toilet. I'm making wine.  Peter, you got to get out.  The truth is I should have asked you to leave  after the other night.  (KNOCK ON DOOR)  (LOUDER KNOCK)  - Hello? - PETER: Quagmire?  Yeah?  PETER: I can't sleep.  So?  PETER: I can't sleep.  What do you want me to do?  PETER: Will you read me a story?  Peter, I-I'm-I'm in the middle of something here.  - Like, maybe a Clifford? - Peter, get out of here!  - Clifford? - No! Not now!  Quagmire, Clifford now?  Ugh! Just read him the story.  \"Clifford was just too big for the bathtub.\"  - Isn't he big, Peter? - Clifford big!  \"So they decided to hose him in the yard instead,  but Clifford couldn't fit through the door.\"  See that, Peter?  (SNORING)  Finally. All right, ladies, I guess we can  Wouldn't you know it.  Oh, my God, they took the whole roof off.  Everybody thinks they can kick me out?  Well, who gets the last laugh now?  I get to sleep with all my stuff  in a storage unit on the highway access road.  Okay, can't go to bed till you make one.  (SIGHS)  All right, just got to make one.  I'm going to sleep.  (SIGHS)  Something bad's gonna happen if you don't do it.  LOIS: Meg! Chris!  What the (BLEEP) is this?  - I've never seen it before. - I don't know.  Stewie, she's got your time machine.  Well, don't drag that down the stairs or else  (LOIS GRUNTING)  (ROARS)  Thank God, everything's back to normal.  Pe-tew. Gross.  I tell you to clean your rooms, and the first thing you do  is put all your science projects in Stewie's closet?  - Mom, we didn't - Stop arguing and get rid of it.  And give me those glasses. They're cluttering up your face.  - I need them to see. - They're not bringing me joy!  You realize there are four of us and one of her.  - If we rushed her all at once - That's not gonna work.  She's clearly developed the strength of the insane.  - What did you say, Chris? - Uh, nothing. I'm sorry!  Chris, I will not have your comic strip anger  cluttering up my house.  It's negative, and it ruins my joy.  - Get it out of here! - Now you've done it.  You've made me 1930s work whistle angry!  (WHISTLE BLOWS)  Shut up, Meg!  - What? I didn't say anything. - You just did.  Your voice it's cluttering up my space. Get out.  - But - Get out of my house!  You know, Lois, one could argue that your bra is clutter.  Nice try, dirtbag. Leave.  Figured it was gonna happen, anyway.  Might as well go out on my terms.    I cluttered my pants.  It did not kindle joy.  (FOOTSTEPS ECHOING)  (SIGHS) Well, that does it.  I got rid of all the clutter.  I made order out of chaos,  (SINGSONGY): and it's beautiful.  Ah, there's even an echo in here now.  I'm so happy!  LOIS ECHO: I'm very unhappy!  My house is at peace, so I am at peace.  LOIS ECHO: You're all alone and sad.  Simplicity is good for the soul.  LOIS ECHO: Your soul is as empty as this house,  this house, this house.  (PANTING)  (PANTING)  But I did what the book said. I did it all.  Why didn't it work? Why am I still not happy?  What have I done?  Looks like there's only one thing left to get rid of.  The mirror.  (GRUNTS)  - Look. Towels! - They don't even match.  Who cares? They're still thirsty.  She's not here. Come on.  (ECHOING): Wow. Everything's gone.  What's that?  \"Words, letters, letters and words,  mm-hmm, mm-hmm, more words and letters.\"  Chris, can't you read?  No, I know the letters when they're on their own,  but, you know, when they team up like this,  I'm just, uh I'm sort of outmatched.  \"It was my fault, not yours.  \"I'm so sorry, and I love you all.  \"Goodbye.  \"P.S. Please throw this note out.  It is clutter.\"  Oh, my God. Where could she be?  You don't think she killed herself, do you?  We're gonna need professional help.  I got to call Joe.  (PHONE RINGING NEARBY)  - (BEEP) - JOE (QUIETLY): Hello?  Joe, are you in my kitchen?  JOE: No.  - What are you doing? - Nothing.  - (PHONE RINGING, BEEP) - Hey, Bon.  BONNIE: Did they have the French bread pizza?  Not a good time, Bon.  Well, she's dead. It's a suicide note.  It doesn't actually say she's gonna end it.  Maybe she just took off somewhere.  I'll call Cleveland. Maybe he saw something.  (PHONE RINGING NEARBY)  (QUIETLY): Hello?  Are you stealing my copper plumbing?  - No. - What are you doing?  Nothing.  (PHONE RINGING)  Hey, Donna.  DONNA: Did you check the counter for Keurigs?  Not a good time, Don.  Dad, how can you be so sure Mom is at Mount Asia?  We cut a whole scene where we figured it out.  You got to just trust me.  Boy, feels like Rocky, huh?  - Huh? - Okay!  Look! We're almost there!    (SIGHS) I don't even care  that I left my phone in my pocket.  I had too much. But then I had nothing.  But then that wasn't enough.  (YELLS)  PETER (ECHOING): Lois!  Lois, don't do it!    Wait. Is this really 'cause of all my stuff?  No, Peter, don't come any closer!  Please don't jump! Please!  - I love you. - (SHRIEKS)  (GRUNTING)  - (SCREAMS) - Lois!  (WOMAN VOCALIZING TO ETHEREAL MUSIC)  Feels like Cliffhanger, huh?  Huh, Chris?  CHRIS: Okay!  (SCREAMING)  - Mom! - Oh, my God!  (SCREAMING)  (GRUNTS)  Lois, are you okay?  I'm fine!  I'm fine.  (LAUGHING)  Everything's fine!  I was saved by garbage!  I'm garbage.  Everything's garbage,  and garbage is wonderful!  Oh, when Mommy's unstable, I feel unsafe.  We're so glad you didn't kill yourself.  I wasn't gonna jump, you idiot.  I just came here to think.  You made me lose my balance,  but when I landed in all that garbage,  I realized it saved my life.  Literally, yes, but also it saves my life every day.  The joy that you find in everything  The fact that every little thing you see kindles joy for you  That's the right attitude, Peter.  And I'm gonna try to have that attitude from now on.  - I love you. - I love you, too, Lois.  Now let's go home.  I can't wait to sleep in my own bed.  (DUNKIRK SOUNDTRACK PLAYING LOUDLY)  - (RAPID GUNFIRE) - (MAN GRUNTING)  Oh, just leave it for now. We'll deal with it later.  Oh, okay. Thanks, Mom.  Yeah, that de-cluttering thing was nice for a while,  but I definitely went overboard.  I don't know. Somehow, an idea I got from a two-minute segment  on a morning talk show didn't bring me the life satisfaction  I thought it would.  On the bright side, our sparse, white living room looks like  the John Lennon, Yoko Ono \"Imagine\" living room.  We can't afford \"Imagine,\" so just imagine this is \"Imagine.\"  (PLAYING \"CAMPTOWN RACES\")  Boop-boop, deedle-Dee, Dee-Dee-Dee   Imagine, imagine   No religion, nothing matters   -  Everything is bad.  - (SONG ENDS)        I tell you, Sundays are the best, aren't they?  You said it, chief.  Hey, Chris, what's the name of the girl  on the end of the couch? I'm sure I've met her before.  I'll introduce myself to her. That'll get her to say it.  (CLEARS THROAT) Hi. I'm Chris.  Hi, Chris.  Well, that didn't work.  ANNOUNCER (OVER TV): This Sunday at the Quahog Convention Center,  it's Streaming-Con.  All your favorite YouTubers, Instagrammers,  social media mavens and digital influencers under one roof.  Social media? Better swap my glasses for a monocle  that will pop out when I'm confronted with modern talk.  LOL at thousands of the hottest Vimeos, memes,  - epic fails. - Heavens!  Meet disgraced YouTube star Logan Paul and his cool bus,  the Golden Throated Homeless Guy  and his cool bus he poops in,  - Newly Sober Cat - (CAT MEWS)  - formerly Grumpy Cat - (CAT GROANS)  - and teen influencers Tyler Oakley - Who?  - Lele Pons - What?  - GloZell - Where?  - Joey Graceffa! - When?  - Sunday. I already said that. - Oh, I'm so embarrassed.  With special guest star, everyone's favorite  Internet how-to whiz, Corey from Corey's World.  What's going on, guys? I'm Corey from Corey's World.  And I'm gonna be live and in-person  at the Quahog Streaming-Con,  where you'll see I'm only five-foot-two.  And remember, that Nazi stuff I said was in the heat  of a very competitive Halo game.  And congratulations to Goldblatt69,  whose people definitely do not control the media  and all banking.  Dad, can we go to Streaming-Con?  Well, I wasn't watching all that closely.  Is it like a rodeo?  Um, sure.  We're going to Streaming-Con! Giddyup!  Looks like someone's going to Streaming-Con.  Rope a doggy for me.  Oh, awesome. Look over there. You can take a selfie  in a hospital bed to get social media attention.  \"Don't really want to get into it, but I'm fine.\"  (RAPID CHIMING)  Oh, boy. Well, this is the last thing I wanted.  I'm gonna do a Instagram story here where I insult a loner  and it becomes a whole thing.  What's up, everybody? I'm here at Streaming-Con 2019.  Weird ponytail.  They got a whole booth of cat GIFs here.  Jiff?  How-how do you say Uh-oh.  Hey, man, I didn't say anything to that guy.  This is ridiculous. You're hurting my wrist!  So check this out, guys. I got kicked out of Streaming-Con 2019.  Now, I don't know if anyone watching this is a lawyer,  especially a constitutional lawyer,  - but - (KNOCKING ON WINDOW)  Hey.  Hey, guys, so I'm in my own trunk.  Uh, I think I'm gonna get murdered.  Uh, but before I do, I forgot,  I'm supposed to mention Triscuits.  Really, all the Nabisco products,  they're-they're solid.  You know, like, on the back of Triscuits  when they give you the recipes for those snacks?  Like, the-the mini pizzas?  I swear to God, make those little pizzas.  Hashtag it: #PetesTriscuitLifeHacks.  Go ahead and check it out. Recipe in bio.  - (TIRES SCREECH) - Whoa!  (PANTING): I got away.  Hey, guys, I'm in an Uber, heading back to Streaming-Con.  Uh, man bun alert.  ANNOUNCER: Now seating for Corey: The Live Experience.  All religions welcome.  That's us! Come on, everyone!  Hey, where's Brian?  Hey, you know how Snapchat puts a fake dog tongue on you?  - How'd you like a real one? - (BOTH GASP)  - That was bad. - Eh, times have changed.  Three years ago, I would've been a hero.  Three years ago, they would've been 12.  I need a nap.  Brian, turn on the heat and NPR.  RADIO HOST: We now return to NPR's Fresh Air.  TERRY GROSS: My guest today is a white music writer  who has written a book about the history of hip-hop.  - (SNORING) - Stewie's loss.  I'm sure this'll be an enriching discussion.  Hip-hop has its roots in the call-and-response tradition  of the Southern black Baptist church.  (SNORING)  (TIRES SCREECH)  (TIRES SCREECH)  (YAWNS)  Well, a nap was just what the doctor ordered.  - I feel like a new - And, of course, you can't  write a history of rap  without mentioning Gil Scott-Heron  (BOTH SNORING)  (CROWD CHEERING, DANCE MUSIC PLAYING)  (CAMERAS CLICKING)  What's going on, guys?  I'm Corey from Corey's World.  And today, I'm gonna show you how anyone can become  an Internet celebrity, like me, Corey from Corey's World.  I bet you can't make my daughter Meg an Internet celebrity.  Dad, stop.  No, stand up, young lady.  Rectangle body, fridge bod, untapped market.  Go with that.  Everybody, hashtag #FridgeBodMeg.  (CHUCKLES) You're welcome.  - (PHONE VIBRATES) - (GASPS) Oh, my God, Dad!  I'm trending on Twitter.  That's awesome, Meg.  I say we celebrate by eating Triscuit pizzas.  - Is it good? - The recipe's right on the box.  - Yeah, but is it good? - You can make them  with ingredients you probably already have in the house.  - Dad, what does it taste like? - That's right.  Ugh! It's like I dropped a tomato in some hay.  Yeah, it's like if a horse made a pizza.  Triscuits: make sure you have a drink nearby.  All right, Meg, now that you're an Internet personality,  we got to build your brand.  Is there anything you can do?  Uh, yeah, actually, I can  (BLEEP)  (EXHALES): I-Is  Is there anything you can do in front of your dad?  - I can shuffle a deck of cards. - Oh, good.  With my  (BLEEP)  All right, we're taking your bedroom door off the hinges.  Is the lady who owns the Prius here?  - Uh, actually, that's me. - Oh, well, your wife's car is totaled.  - It's my car. - Sorry.  We were, however, able to save your purse.  It's a gender-fluid Euro carrier.  Either way, we'll have it towed back to San Francisco.  Hey, there are plenty of closer gay cities, you big ape.  How did this turn into my fight?  You're gonna need a loaner.  We have a pink Volkswagen Beetle you might feel comfortable in.  (GASPS) Ooh, Brian, we could be two in the pink!  Take that one! Take that one!  Yeah, I'm thinking of something sportier.  - The red Miata it is. - Give me your manliest car!  Bill, I need a Hummer.  BILL: Again? You're insatiable.  Wise guy.  (ENGINE RUMBLING)  - (BRAKES SQUEAK) - Wow, that thing's big.  Brian, it's night now.  (INSECTS CHIRPING)  What's up? This is Refrigerator Meg.  Thought I'd give you a tour of my refrigerator lifestyle.  Let's see what we've got in here.  Ooh, check, check, check it out!  Boom! Mini cream!  Oh, and what's this? Strawberry yogurt?  Is-is your girl Meg some kind of health nut?  No, turn it around: 35 grams of sugar!  Yeah, through the roof!  Check it, check it, what's this?  A bacon drawer? Stacked.  Rashers on rashers. Best part about these bad boys?  Don't even have to cook them.  Cook them right in your stomach!  Wash it down with a little cream!  (STOMACH GRUMBLING)  (BELCHES)  (STOMACH GRUMBLING)  Oh, boy, that's-that's going right through me.  Sponsored by Oscar Mayer and Land O'Lakes.  If it's not Land O'Lakes, it's not cream!  - (FARTS) - (KNOCKING ON DOOR)  PETER: Hey, Meg? You can't use the Charmin.  You're now sponsored by Safeway Rough 'n' Thin.  Don't forget to wash the tip of your middle finger  - when you're done. - (CAMERA CLICKS)  (COMPUTER CHIMES)  Mom, we've got a problem.  See, I-I promoted Magic Shell ice cream topping on my channel,  - so-so they sent me a ton of it. - Yeah, so?  Dad Han Solo'd himself.  Oh, my God, he's gonna suffocate.  (CLAPPING)  I created a vanilla ice cream Peter covered in Magic Shell.  - Why? - Because I must.  Don't listen to him. He's an imposter.  - I'm the real Peter. - No, you're not.  I made you. I'm the real Peter.  Oh-oh, my God, I-I don't know which one to believe.  What do you mean? I'm a guy, and he's ice cream.  - (GRUNTS) - (GASPS)  Thank God, Lois.  Does anyone mind if I turn the thermostat down  - to 32 degrees? - (CAMERA CLICKS)  (COMPUTER CHIMES)  There ain't a reason on Earth to waste it   It ain't a crime to be good to yourself   -  Lick it up  - (PHONE VIBRATES)  Lick it up   - Yeah? - STEWIE: It's me.  Can you change the station?  (STATION CHANGES, \"LICK IT UP\" PLAYING)  Whoa, lick it up   (STATION CHANGES, \"LICK IT UP\" PLAYING)  Don't need to wait   Oh   Oh, yeah   Five different stations, all playing \"Lick It Up\" by Kiss.  Hummer.  Well, it's nice of you to once again drive me  to day care, Brian.  Sure. It's only three klicks away.  I just hope I don't get branded a \"Hummer guy.\"  I can feel the Earth warming.  No one needs a car this big.  Yes, but I like how when you cut to an outside shot,  Sam Elliott is narrating your drive.  SAM ELLIOTT (OVER RADIO): When you need to take a talking baby to day care,  you'll move mountains.  And if the mountains won't move,  drive right over 'em.  Hummer.  And, yes, Big Lebowski fans, I've seen the movie.  I don't need to hear the lines.  This place is paying Meg? Uh, to do what?  Nothing. When you have a million followers,  people just pay you to hang out.  Yo, yo, yo! Everything here is made with corn syrup!  - Just drink the corn syrup! - (CHEERING)  (BELCHES)  (CROWD GASPS)  Oh, my God, she collapsed!  We got to get her to the hospital.  Don't want to wait till you know me better   - Anybody need a ride to the hospital? - (MUSIC CONTINUES LOUDLY)  What?  Does anybody need a ride to the hospital?  - How is she? - (MUSIC CONTINUES LOUDLY)  - What? - How is Meg?  I'm worried! Her pulse is very weak!  Her middle finger smells weird.  Meg has Type 2 diabetes.  The one where you're supposed to shame her,  not feel sorry for her.  But I need to draw a little more blood for the lab.  As I suspected. Sap.  - Vermont gold. - I love sugaring season.  Me too.  \"The moon, though slight, was moon enough to show  \"On every tree a bucket with a lid,  And on black ground, a bearskin rug of snow.\"  Robert Frost, \"Evening In A Sugar Orchard.\"  Robert Frost!  What? Dad?  It's okay, Meg. You had a diabetic coma dream.  Dad's still an idiot. I'm still an idiot.  Coming up, local anchor brings a concealed weapon to work,  as is his right.  But first, popular Internet star Meg Griffin  has Type 2 diabetes,  and is also the new face of diabetes drug Pancresta.  Refrigerator Meg here.  If diabetes has you down, get your insulin levels up  with Pancresta.  ANNOUNCER: Pancresta may cause heart disease,  swelling, allergic reactions.  Do not take Pancresta if you are pregnant  or plan on becoming pregnant.  If you have a problem with addiction,  do not take Pancresta, as smoking Pancresta may mimic  the otherworldly high of heroin.  Chopping up and snorting Pancresta may amplify  and/or enhance sexual experience.  Rock concerts on Pancresta may be excessively transformative.  Pancresta may cause intense philosophical  and scientific breakthroughs.  Pancresta can be delivered directly to your home,  and since we're here, why not, we'll do a bump. (SNIFFS)  Pancresta is not for everyone, just the sexy people.  Lame losers should not take Pancresta.  Pancresta.  Makes opiates look like (BLEEP) baby aspirin.  Meg, like everyone who doesn't have diabetes,  I'm not sure how it works,  but I do know you could go blind,  you could have organ failure, you could lose your feet.  No amount of fame is worth this.  James Woods High School will also be saluting  their own diabetic Internet celebrity  with a pep rally in her honor this Thursday.  Sponsored by Pancresta, which feels like being inside  the warm, wet mouth of the Lord.  (ENGINE STARTS)  (TIRES SCREECHING)  You know, I think you like driving this Hummer.  You're a Hummer guy.  I'm not a Hummer guy, Stewie. I'm a responsible Prius driver  who's making the best of a bad situation.  I didn't ask for this car.  I also didn't ask for these slowpokes in front of me.  - Out of the way, you old bag! - Brian, that's Paul McCartney  doing \"Carpool Karaoke\" songs we can afford.  She'll be coming 'round the mountain when she comes   Whoo!   (HONKS)  How should we end the scene, Brian?  Sam Elliott or Kiss \"Lick it Up\"?  Why not both?  SAM ELLIOTT: \"Lick it up. Lick it up.  Oh, yeah.\"  That's about all I care to read of that.  Refrigerator Meg here  having one of my favorite snacks:  french fry sandwiches on white bread.  Bad sugars and starches are the bomb!  (WIND WHISTLING SOFTLY)  (WIND CHIMES JINGLE)  Meg's feet are gone. Rotted.  I have a gift for knowing when something bad happens  to someone's legs, kind of like a shining.  (DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)  CLEVELAND: How you doing, doc?  (PETER SHOUTS)  (CLEVELAND SCREAMING)  (HORROR MUSIC STING)  Oh, you were thirsty, weren't you?  Good girl. No!  Good boy. You're a boy car.  - Yeah, that's weird. Stop that. - Stop what?  The way you're touching, feeding,  - and talking to your car. - His name is Mark McGrath.  What's happened to you?  I-I don't know. All I know is I love this Hummer.  God, the power.  I deserved a sweet ride for a little while.  It felt so good.  People turned their heads when I pulled into Hooters,  Lids, GNC. It's not fair!  - How much creatine - I've been doing a lot of creatine!  - (CAR HORN HONKS) - All set.  You can probably get another 130,000 miles out of this thing.  Well, let's see I drive about 4,000 a year,  so when this car goes, I'll be  Dead for 18 years.  Let me just say goodbye to the Hummer.  I'll miss you, Mark McGrath.  I'll miss scaring the hell out of homeless people  with your cruise-ship-grade air horn.  I'll miss catching the eye of women  smoking outside of government buildings.  But mostly, I'll miss driving a military vehicle  45 miles an hour through a school zone  - to get Crest Whitestrips. - (GLASS SHATTERS)  The back side of this car is all wrecked.  Who fixed this thing, your wife?  - No, she can't fix a car. - That's my point.  She passed away last month. She was addicted to Pancresta,  so she didn't so much pass away as elevate  to a higher level of consciousness.  Just turned into a smiling beam of light right before my eyes.  She told me to be at peace, and I was.  I'm hearing a lot of good stuff about this Pancresta.  Sorry, Mr. Griffin. I don't know what happened.  Looks like you got the Hummer  for another couple of days at least.  Stewie, why did you do it?  Oh, you were having so much fun, Bri.  Besides, the Earth is on fire.  One dog driving a Prius won't fix that.  Where to?  Let's do donuts on Mark Ruffalo's lawn.  - (TIRES SCREECHING) - BRIAN: Yeah!  (LAUGHS, WHOOPS)  Hey, come on, you guys. Knock it off.  Hey, why don't you turn into the Hulk?  Oh, right. You're just a Hollywood sissy.  I'm calling the cops!  Oh, you hear that, Brian? Hulk's calling the cops.  (BOTH LAUGHING)  SAM ELLIOTT: Turns out old Mark really was the Hulk.  (STEWIE AND BRIAN SCREAMING)  And Brian and Stewie got tossed clear up to New Hampshire.  I'm Sam Elliott.  This concludes your B story.  (INDISTINCT CHATTER)  Look at 'em all out there, Meg.  They're all here because of you.  Hi, Meg.  It's your friends, Patty, Ruth and Esther.  If anyone remembered what we look like,  it would be shocking how fat we are.  You've inspired us to gain all this weight,  and we just wanted to say thanks.  (GIRLS FARTING MUSICALLY)    Dad, I can't do this.  All my friends are fat because of me.  I don't want them to lose their feet, too.  Everybody needs their feet.  SAM ELLIOTT: Feet. Those little weirdos on the end of your legs.  I used mine to mosey on over to the A story.  I'm going out there to warn everybody  about the dangers of unhealthy eating.  Meg, I am so high on Pancresta right now,  I don't care what you say.  Three dimensions?  No, six dimensions.  (ETHEREAL MUSIC PLAYING)  Be at peace, Meg.  Be at peace.  Phone. Forgot my phone.  - GIRL: We love you, Meg! - GIRL 2: Eat something gross!  BOY: I was gonna take you to prom  as part of a cruel bet, but I'm fat now, too!  Hey, everybody.  I want to talk to you guys about something important.  Being healthy.  I'm still Refrigerator Meg!  But from here on, my fridge will be full of fruits,  vegetables and lean meats! Yo, yo, yo!  (BOOING)  Bring back the fridge!  CROWD (CHANTING): Bring back the fridge!  Bring back the fridge! Bring back the fridge!  Aah!  - (ELECTRONIC CHIME) - What's going on, guys?  I'm Corey from Corey's World.  Did you hear that all the Jewish kids  stayed home from school that day?  Is everyone okay, Principal Shepherd?  Mostly. We only had one fatality.  An old janitor was crushed under the bleachers.  Huh. Has anyone claimed his feet?  Yeah, and has anyone claimed his mop?  Good news! The feet transplant was a success.  So  good news all around.  PETER: Well, I'm glad everything's back to normal.  LOIS: No, it isn't!  Meg got the dead janitor's feet,  Brian and Stewie got thrown into New Hampshire by the Hulk,  and you're a beam of light.  CHRIS: I have the shining now.  LOIS: And Chris has the shining now.  PETER: Lois, just do a line of Panc.  LOIS: (SNIFFS) Ah! Road House!  PETER: Road House.  SAM ELLIOTT: Road House  is a movie I was in.  ANNOUNCER: Family Guy is filmed before a live studio audience.  (CHEERS AND APPLAUSE)  STUDIO AUDIENCE MEMBER: That's Carol,  Lois' sister who was married to Mayor West,  - but now he's dead. - MAN: (WHOOPS) I love you, Carol!  We're glad you could come over for dinner tonight, Carol.  Thank you for having me.  I've been having such a hard time since Adam passed away.  - STUDIO AUDIENCE: Aw - MAN: (WHOOPS)  I want to squeeze your butt and then take your pants down  and look at your butt!  We still can't believe he's gone.  He was such a great mayor, and a great uncle to the kids.  Wait, Uncle Adam is dead?  Yeesh. How many people has this show killed?  - Yeah, we're all gonna miss - MAN: Hey, don't touch me, man!  I'm leaving. I know-I know what I did. I'm leaving.  (SCATTERED APPLAUSE)  Yeah, we're all gonna miss Mayor West.  You know what'll make you feel better, Aunt Carol?  Doing an Indian guy.  Meg, stop eating with the serving spoon.  Nah.  I just wish there was some way we could honor  Adam's memory here in town.  You know what we should do?  We should rename the high school for Mayor West.  What, you mean change it from James Woods High?  Yeah. James Woods is an embarrassment to Quahog.  He's a political troll and a maniac on Twitter.  I think that's a great idea, Brian.  You should meet with Principal Shepherd  and suggest it.  Awesome. And while you do that,  I'll make a special video dedication reminding people  of how great Mayor West was.  (INTRO TO \"RIGHT HERE WAITING FOR YOU\" PLAYS)  Oceans apart   Day after day   And I slowly go insane   I hear your voice   On the line   But it doesn't stop   The pain   If I see you   Next to never   How can we   Say forever   Wherever you go   Whatever you do   I will be   Right here waiting for you   (CROWD CHEERING OVER SPEAKERPHONE)  So, you'd like to rename the school?  Yes. To Adam West High.  Well, you're a talking dog you probably know what you're doing.  Let's do it.  - (CROWD GASPS OVER SPEAKERPHONE) - Damn it!  The only thing that's left to do now  is for you to pay the normal $1,000 principal meeting fee.  What?! Wait a minute.  Do you have a gambling problem?  Me? I don't have a gambling problem.  Points! Just score points!  - I don't care who. - (KNOCKING)  Principal Shepherd, someone named Eddie Payups  is here to see you.  Tell him I need one minute.  Anyway, great idea. We'll have a ceremony  to change the name of the school this week.  What's the score of that game right now?  It's, uh, 85-75.  Ugh! Not enough.  Wow, we did it.  We changed the name of the school.  Well, you know, it was the right thing to do, Brian.  Like when I had to give bad news to that improv team.  I called you here to tell you that you're all 45 years old.  Go home and be with your children.  Thank you, everybody, for coming today  as we honor one of Quahog's finest citizens,  Mayor Adam West.  We will start today's ceremony  with the traditional 21-cat launcher salute  to honor our wacky but beloved mayor.  Ready! Aim!  Meow!  (CATS YOWL)  Beautiful. Now, to unveil our new sign,  we've invited HGTV's Chip and Joanna Gaines,  who are here to prove that their show didn't ruin their marriage.  BOTH: All right, Quahog, are you ready to see your new sign?  - MAN: Yeah! - (WHOOPING)  (WHEELS SQUEAKING)  Oh, a-are we going that way?  I don't know, Joanna. What direction are we going?    (CHEERING, WHISTLING)  Uh-oh.  Thank you. Uh, please, uh, stick around  for refreshments and snacks in the gymnasium.  (CROWD GASPS)  Go, go, Principal Coffee Breath!  SHEPHERD: Looking for someone?  (HEROIC ORCHESTRAL MUSIC PLAYS)  I like this episode.    - Brian, wait. - Oh, hey, Carol.  Do you need me to walk you to your car  in case the studio audience guy shows up?  No, he killed himself in my downstairs shower.  Oh, good. That's good.  I just wanted to thank you for what you did today for Adam.  He was a great man.  You know, I see a lot of him in you.  Oh, no. Are we gonna kiss?  - We're gonna kiss, aren't we? - I came here to say  that what you did was very honorable.  It showed real leadership,  and I think you should be the next mayor of Quahog.  Ah, damn it!  Oh, I couldn't do that.  I don't know anything about politics.  Although crazier things have happened.  Harry Truman didn't have any experience.  Of course he did. He was vice president,  and before that, a United States senator.  Oh, word?  Brian, is this gonna be a politics episode?  I-I think it might be.  (SIGHS DEEPLY)  No one likes those.  So, Carol was just going on and on about how I should be mayor.  And it's got me thinking, it is an interesting idea.  - You think I should do it? - Absolutely not.  - I mean, if not me, who? - Anyone.  - If not now, when? - Never.  - You know, why not me? - A million reasons.  I mean, who do you want in there,  - some career politician? - Yes.  - What are they gonna do? - Govern.  Thanks, Stewie. Your support means a lot.  - You don't have it. - You know what? I'm gonna do it.  Guys, I have an announcement.  - I'm gonna run for mayor. - That's a terrible idea.  You idiot, Brian. Meg, fart on Brian.  I can't. I don't have one in the chamber.  The one time I give you a chance, you're not ready.  Chris, tag him for Meg.  (FARTS)  (GASPING BREATHS)  See that kid? He's a gamer.  Great job, Chris. Now, go hit the showers.  Meg, you miss 100% of the farts you don't take.  That kid's going places. He's going all the way.  If only they knew.  (FARTING)  PETER: That's my boy!  Welcome back, Quahog. And now it's time  for a new segment on our show called \"On the Same Sofa,\"  in which a guest and I have a conversation  while sitting on the same sofa.  My guest tonight is mayoral candidate Brian Griffin.  - Thank you for coming, Brian. - Pleasure, Tom.  And thank you for allowing me up on the furniture.  - I don't always get to do that. - Oh, word?  Now, I understand you're running unopposed.  That gives you a bit of an advantage, doesn't it?  Well, Tom, I welcome a challenger.  Not the one that exploded, but, um  That's probably gonna get me in trouble right there.  Good thing I'm running unopposed.  Well, we've now reached the middle of the interview,  where I ask the guest, \"How's the sofa so far?\"  So, Brian, how's the sofa so far?  So far, so-so.  I see. Sophie?  So far we've got a so-so sofa.  SOPHIE: Great. Okay, Tom, we go live in three,  - two - What? None of that aired?  It's all right, we can recreate it.  SOPHIE: And you're on.  So, Brian, I understand you like eating your own poop.  What's that about?  Argh. Turn that off.  I can't believe we're gonna have a dog for mayor.  We're gonna be the laughingstock of the whole country.  Even Sean Hannity's talking about us.  He's a weird-looking guy.  - Put up a picture of Sean Hannity. - Can we do that?  Yeah, Tosh does it all the time. Put it up.  JOE: Yeah, he does look weird.  QUAGMIRE: Yeah. Who does he look like?  CLEVELAND: I'm seeing Mr. Doubtfire.  PETER: High-sodium Superman?  JOE: He looks like an angry face drawn on a thumb.  QUAGMIRE: The richest guy at Rite Aid?  CLEVELAND: Or the mayor who won't close  the beaches in Jaws.  JOE: Wreck-It Ralph at a job interview.  QUAGMIRE: You know that's a guy  who's roughly led his wife out of parties by the elbow.  PETER: A guy whose ice cream parlor just went broke.  CLEVELAND: He looks like a handsome Weeble.  JOE: Or a hot Frankenstein.  QUAGMIRE: Yeah, but either way, he's that Little League coach  the parents hope their kids don't get.  PETER: He looks like a fish that inflates to scare predators.  JOE: The inside trader who kills himself  the day his prison sentence is supposed to start.  CLEVELAND: I'm thinking Fred and Barney's son.  QUAGMIRE: Trust me on this. Strip club lunch regular.  JOE: I feel like that's a dad  who's ripped his kid's posters off the wall.  CLEVELAND: And sleeps in pajamas buttoned to the top.  JOE: 72-ounce steak contest entrant.  PETER: Drowned-in-the-lake- last-month Colin Farrell.  All right, that was fun.  Hey, let's do Matthew Perry. I'll start.  He looks like a pelican  trying to swallow a fish that's too big.  JOE: Barn owl in human skin.  CLEVELAND: He looks like he told a genie  - he wished to be a pool noodle. - QUAGMIRE: Hey, guys?  Friends brings me a lot of joy, so can we stop this?  Hail to the dog  Every tree in town is mine now   Open the window  I'm gonna bite the air.  (CHOMPING)  (GASPS)  (ENNIO MORRICONE'S \"NAVAJO JOE\" PLAYING)  What's this?  Well, looks like stolen property and vandalism, for starters.  Uh, can you hang on? I'm finishing a phone interview.  And that's why I would never joke  about the Space Shuttle Challenger tragedy.  I can't believe I said that twice.  Now, how can I help you, Brian?  Why are you doing this? Why are you running for mayor?  Uh, let me think. Oh, yeah. Out of spite.  Spite for you.  That's not a reason to get into politics.  It's the only reason to get into politics.  Well, you're just wasting your time, because you're not gonna win.  I don't know about that.  You seem pretty afraid.  (SCOFFS) The only thing I'm afraid of  are fire truck sirens and things that look like faces.  Fine. See you at the debate.  Fine!  - What are you gonna wear? - I don't know.  I was thinking, like, a collared shirt, jacket, no tie.  - Yeah, yeah, no tie. - Yeah, definitely no tie.  (INDISTINCT CHATTER)  That son of a bitch.  Good evening. I'm Tom Tucker, and I will be  your moderator for tonight's mayoral debate.  Not because I want to, but because it counts  as community service for open-hand smacking  an Uber Eats guy.  Let's meet our candidates.  First, the impeccably-dressed Glenn Quagmire.  - Thank you, Tom. - Is that a Windsor knot?  Double Windsor, Tom.  Excellent. Some might describe  that tie as \"mayoral.\"  Next up, we have super-caj Brian Griffin.  I was gonna wear a tie. He told me not to.  He's already losing, and it hasn't started yet.  First question: as candidates for mayor,  how do I put my apps into a folder?  I know how to get them shaky,  I just can't get them in a folder.  You just drag them into each other.  But you know what else is shaky?  My opponent's economic plan.  It's irresponsible for the town to get two credit cards  and just swap the balance back and forth each month.  But-but the town would get miles.  Whoa, so I can just name the folder whatever I want?  \"Tom's Stuff.\"  SOPHIE: Okay, Tom, we go live in three, two  Good evening, Quahog, and welcome to your mayoral debate.  What the None of that aired? I was totally winning.  That's okay, we'll recreate it.  Now, Mr. Quagmire, you're a dirty sex fiend.  Why would you wear a tie to a casual debate?  Good question, Tom.  And I'll answer that with one word: pizza!  (CHEERING)  Damn it, he burned me twice.  And, you're not gonna, like, bring pizza for everyone, right?  No, it's a debate. They'll have food there.  Right, they' have food there. Okay, so, no tie, no pizza.  I'll see you there.  Open the door, Quagmire.  Hey, Brian. I was just emptying my bus garbage.  Would you like to eat it first?  What's the catch?  God, you're a dumb beast.  Come on in.  - Have a seat, Brian. - I'm fine standing, thank you.  Let's cut the crap. The only reason you're running is  - (TIRES SCREECHING) - to make me look ridiculous.  And I am not just some idiot  to be laughed at and not taken seriously.  Ha! Sit down, Snoopy.  What did you say?  I said, \"Sit, Ubu, sit. Good dog.\"  You son of a bitch!  (HORN HONKING)  You idiot! He's allergic to getting hit in the head!    (BOTH SCREAMING)    Oh, my God, we're gonna die!  Calm down, Brian. This bus has OnStar.  WOMAN: OnStar roadside assistance.  Yes, our bus went over a cliff. We need help.  Glenn?  I-Is this Glenn Quagmire?  Yes, sweetheart. Hi, who's this?  It's Melissa. From the Ramada Inn.  Oh.  The Framingham Ramada Inn or the Cranston Ramada Inn?  Cranston.  Oh, yeah, we're gonna die.  (STRAINS): I think my leg is broken.  Oh, my God, how are we gonna get down from here?  - You think he's dead? - I don't know.  Hey. Hey, buddy?  (WHISTLES)  - What's his name? - Uh, it's something Spanishy.  I-I think it starts with a \"G\"?  G-Gerr, G-Ga, Goo  Goo, Goo-gar Goo-gardo. G Yeah, that's it, Googardo.  That doesn't sound like any name.  Well, sure it does. Googardo?  Say something if you're okay, Googardo.  The more you say it, the more it doesn't sound like anything.  Googardo? Move something if you're alive, Googardo.  - Oh, my God! - Oh, look, there's his jacket.  Oh, yeah, his name was Frank.  I can't believe this. I'm gonna die with Glenn Quagmire.  Hey, dying with Glenn Quagmire was good enough for Googardo.  Vaya con Dios, Googy.  Please don't use the familiar form  of a guy's name you never knew.  What was I thinking getting on this bus with you?  It was dumber than when Peter hired that raccoon accountant.  PETER: All right, well, you're the money guy.  Let's put it all in to slightly-open trash cans.  You have anything to eat in here?  Yeah, there's some edible underwear  in that bag over there.  Ugh, isn't there anything else?  I have a ball of peanut butter with a pill inside.  Hmm, wish you hadn't told me about the pill.  (SNIFFING)  You know, this underwear's not bad.  Are they for your political groupies?  No, these-these are men's.  They're-they're mine.  Quagmire, why did you even want to be mayor?  Honestly? I just want a street named after me.  I think that's kind of cool.  Actually, that is kind of cool.  Why did you want to be mayor?  Mayor West told me he went to 65 pancake breakfasts a year.  That number That-that stuck with mat  What, like, the like, the pancakes were free?  - Yeah. - 65.  That-That's, like, pancakes every Saturday morning  and probably some Sundays.  And sometimes it's, like, kids making the pancakes,  and-and you get these mondo huge ones.  Wow.  Probably no chocolate chip pancakes, though.  Are you kidding me? 65 a year, you're gonna get  at least eight to ten chocolate chip pancake events.  - You think eight to ten? - Yes.  And now that I say it out loud, eight to ten sounds low.  So, pancakes is why you wanted to be mayor?  Well, pancakes and look at the people in our town.  - Who else is gonna do it? - I know.  This is such a garbage town.  You know, when you think about it,  we're really the only two viable candidates.  I mean, you're a pilot.  You're responsible for people's lives.  You make quick decisions.  Or the machinery in the plane makes quick decisions.  M-My point is, you're a smart guy.  Thank you.  And now you say something nice about me.  - Like what? - Like I'm good company,  and I'm smart and funny,  and I'm invited to all your pool parties.  And I should just come over if I hear one of them going on.  No, thank you.  But but you have to.  I'm not gonna say something I don't mean  just because your ego needs to hear it.  See? That's why I ran against you.  Because I know that's the only reason you were doing this.  You're a complete tool!  WOMAN: You do sound like kind of a tool.  See? Even Melissa from OnStar thinks you're a tool.  You've been listening this whole time?  There's nothing to do at OnStar.  People have iPhones now.  I just listen in to cars. Sometimes there's sex.  Screw this. We just got to get out of this bus.  Regardless of what we think of each other,  this is no way for us to die.  I'm gonna try and climb up to the street  - and see if I can get help. - Just be careful.  I don't know how stable this thing is.  (GRUNTS)  (GRUNTS)  Oh, my God. You just got hit in the throat  with a gentleman's dildo.  - Hey, Melissa. - What? What happened?  He got hit in the throat with a gentleman's dildo.  (LAUGHS) See,  this is why I listen.    (GRUNTING)  (QUAGMIRE GRUNTS)  (BOTH SCREAM)    Mayor West?  (GRUNTING)  Hey, guys. Don't mind me.  I'm gonna go steal that bus driver's identity.  The Celtics are free money tonight!  Well, Lois, you almost had a female president.  I almost had a dog mayor.  I can't believe they canceled the election  after they thought Brian and Mr. Quagmire were dead.  Does that mean we still need a mayor?  ANNOUNCER: It sure does, America.  Who do you think should be the next mayor of Quahog.  Register your votes at fox.com/family-guy.  Your votes don't count. It's a trick.  - They're just tracking your data. - No, it's not. No, it's not.  Is Mr. Quagmire okay after the accident?  Yeah, he's fine. He's having one of his private pool parties.  (WHISPERING): Hey, girls. Thanks for coming.  Is your voice still broken from the accident?  No, no, I-I'm just trying to be quiet.  Grab yourself a drink.  I'm gonna have some chips first.  No, no, no!  Is that a pool party I hear?  Cannonball!  And that was the moment I remembered  Quagmire doesn't have a swimming pool.  (GROANING)  ADAM WEST: I want to be a mayor  in real life.  So I'm here to ask you  to make me the mayor of your town.  Vote for me, Adam West.  It'll be a home run.  Ugh.  It'll be a home run.  - Pow! - (CHEERING)      NA"
